,question,answer
0,"Did you know that Endorphin Deficiency Syndrome (EDS) is actually a real condition? I didn't even know this until just now. Maybe it's why I'm constantly uneasy, suffer from depression, anxiety and why I'm attracted to low-dose opiates.",Opiates help with anything. All mental and physical problems melt away. I wouldn’t say because you like opiates and they help that you can diagnose yourself. Benzos relieve all anxiety and tension which explains why they would help so much. I feel the same about benzos.
1,Opiates help with anything. All mental and physical problems melt away. I wouldn’t say because you like opiates and they help that you can diagnose yourself. Benzos relieve all anxiety and tension which explains why they would help so much. I feel the same about benzos.,I never self-diagnosed. Just based on my medical history I said 'maybe' and I was going to look into LDN further. It would be nice if something non-addictive could actually fucking help me for once. I'm fed up.
2,"Did you know that Endorphin Deficiency Syndrome (EDS) is actually a real condition? I didn't even know this until just now. Maybe it's why I'm constantly uneasy, suffer from depression, anxiety and why I'm attracted to low-dose opiates.",You need to get laid my guy
3,You need to get laid my guy,"Sex and relationships can certainly help with happiness and even mental health issues, but it's not some magic cure-all, especially when talking about mental health stuff which can have genetic components. By that logic no one in a happy relationship would ever have mental health problems."
4,"Sex and relationships can certainly help with happiness and even mental health issues, but it's not some magic cure-all, especially when talking about mental health stuff which can have genetic components. By that logic no one in a happy relationship would ever have mental health problems.","Someone needs to call Pfizer and tell them to stop producing opiates and benzos. This kid, OxyCotton96 has it all figured out! Just fuck someone and your chronic health problems will vanish!"
5,You need to get laid my guy,I probably get more female attention than you. This has legit NOTHING to do with getting laid. It's a medical condition.
6,Will muscle relaxers help me sleep and help rls at night during detox? I have robaxin and flexeril,A shit load of the flexeril will help.  Only for a day or two though
7,Will muscle relaxers help me sleep and help rls at night during detox? I have robaxin and flexeril,"I take robaxin 1000mg X 4. It helps me. Not the greatest but fills its need. Don't know about for sleep thou. I also take temazepam 15mg at night so....

Edit- 1000mg x 4 daily. Not in one dose"
8,What’s your relationship w/ your plug like?,"I always become close with my plug, like it’s the coolest person Since Jesus. Wasn’t health at all. New plug has fire hasn’t been put a day in forever but was out yesterday and I just was like, wait I mean I got back up but I’d rather just get back on my sub if I gotta withdraw. But outta no where a buddy I haven’t heard from for a few months was talking to me about this new hook and that he didn’t know if he be comfortable meeting me. The inter time he forget to let me know homie was outta black but had china white. Sweet!"
9,"I always become close with my plug, like it’s the coolest person Since Jesus. Wasn’t health at all. New plug has fire hasn’t been put a day in forever but was out yesterday and I just was like, wait I mean I got back up but I’d rather just get back on my sub if I gotta withdraw. But outta no where a buddy I haven’t heard from for a few months was talking to me about this new hook and that he didn’t know if he be comfortable meeting me. The inter time he forget to let me know homie was outta black but had china white. Sweet!","This comment went in a zig-zag, circly knot and ended right at the corner of WTF and “huh?”"
10,"This comment went in a zig-zag, circly knot and ended right at the corner of WTF and “huh?”",Thank god you said it..
11,"This comment went in a zig-zag, circly knot and ended right at the corner of WTF and “huh?”","Yeah I have a way with words. Never spell check and what the hell is grammer for any ways. I mean Nike’s was always a hoot, but let me tell yeah that me writing while on clonazolam, I could start a fucking visual podcast blog spot."
12,What’s your relationship w/ your plug like?,"My plug is my best friend.

Not  that my best friend happenes to be my plug, he just became my best friends over time. He fully trust me and I fully trust him. At some point he even started looking into his hiding spot for money while I was there. He know he can trust me.

He doesn't deal h though, but high quality coke and can also get his hand on pretty much anything if I ask him. He's a really good guy. We're planning on tripping on acid this week with my girlfriend."
13,What’s your relationship w/ your plug like?,"My favorite was a dude in his 30s who never left the hood. I’d usually drive out there, but when my car was busted he’d wait with me outside rain or shine for that bus to come get me after I’d pick up. I’m a petite and cute female, so gestures like this meant the world to me.

For never being outside the hood, my dude was a true intellect. He had this enormous bookshelf that took up an entire wall hosting a collection of heavy nonfictions and classics. Most people I know that have a collection like that have more than a few books that they’ve never cracked open, but homie read 100% of every book he had. He could tell me who wrote each book, the year it was published and it’s cultural significance.

If I were making snacks, or buying fruit, I’d always save some for this dude. We ate a lot of fruit together sitting in my car or at the bus stop. When a plane would fly over us, he’d point and rattle off its model and the year it premiered, a casual savant...

I miss that guy, the fire dope and the yapping dogs that always followed at his heels. In three years he never implicated that he wanted sex from me. We eventually would go on grocery runs together when there was only one car in between us. 

Big props to him for looking out for my safety and getting me to look to the horizon when I’d show up at his place day after day, tunnel visioned for the dope."
14,"My favorite was a dude in his 30s who never left the hood. I’d usually drive out there, but when my car was busted he’d wait with me outside rain or shine for that bus to come get me after I’d pick up. I’m a petite and cute female, so gestures like this meant the world to me.

For never being outside the hood, my dude was a true intellect. He had this enormous bookshelf that took up an entire wall hosting a collection of heavy nonfictions and classics. Most people I know that have a collection like that have more than a few books that they’ve never cracked open, but homie read 100% of every book he had. He could tell me who wrote each book, the year it was published and it’s cultural significance.

If I were making snacks, or buying fruit, I’d always save some for this dude. We ate a lot of fruit together sitting in my car or at the bus stop. When a plane would fly over us, he’d point and rattle off its model and the year it premiered, a casual savant...

I miss that guy, the fire dope and the yapping dogs that always followed at his heels. In three years he never implicated that he wanted sex from me. We eventually would go on grocery runs together when there was only one car in between us. 

Big props to him for looking out for my safety and getting me to look to the horizon when I’d show up at his place day after day, tunnel visioned for the dope.","Sounds like a true individual- these people are rare, sounds like it was a privilege to know him."
15,What’s your relationship w/ your plug like?,"My main one I’ve been using for over 15 years. Real solid dude as far as plugs go. In the beginning he used to have over 20 people he would buy scrips from and would usually give me first crack at em. He really had a nice business going. Then the opiate prohibition began, scrips started to fall off and he started using his product. Long story short, we now buy people’s sub scrips, flip some and stay well for cheap."
16,What’s your relationship w/ your plug like?,I just stay cool calm and collective like with any business transaction. Never had any problems.
17,Nyquil for sleep during detox?,"It could possibly cause RLS, everybody is different. For me personally when I'm in withdrawal the only thing that puts me to sleep is more opiates sadly. I've tried benadryl, nyquil, seroquel, remeron, ambien, and multiple different benzos but for me personally none of it does the trick. Most of them actually make my RLS worse even after taking something like requip on top of them to combat it. But I know a lot of people that say some of that stuff helps them get at least a couple hours of sleep, especially benzos."
18,"It could possibly cause RLS, everybody is different. For me personally when I'm in withdrawal the only thing that puts me to sleep is more opiates sadly. I've tried benadryl, nyquil, seroquel, remeron, ambien, and multiple different benzos but for me personally none of it does the trick. Most of them actually make my RLS worse even after taking something like requip on top of them to combat it. But I know a lot of people that say some of that stuff helps them get at least a couple hours of sleep, especially benzos.","Same here. High benzo dose also lets me sleep but I’m on a tight leash with that prescription because of past abuse so I can’t really do it eveytime. Everything else (Bendryl, Nyquill, Nytol etc) gives me RLS in high enough doses for me to sleep. Robaxacet with carbomethamol (spelling?) might work but I wish it didn’t come with Ibuprofen/Acetominophen/Aspirin...! Micro-dose of opiates works but I try to avoid it."
19,Gout and dope?,that sucks.. i've seen people dealing with gout and its not pleasant looking.  dont jump to gout right away though because there are specific criteria for gout that only a doctor could diagnose.. hopefully its just a one-off situation ya know.  and hope that powder didnt kill your kidneys lol
20,that sucks.. i've seen people dealing with gout and its not pleasant looking.  dont jump to gout right away though because there are specific criteria for gout that only a doctor could diagnose.. hopefully its just a one-off situation ya know.  and hope that powder didnt kill your kidneys lol,Right?! Ugh
21,Gout and dope?,"ahhh  , the kings disease."
22,"ahhh  , the kings disease.","Lol yeah it can1 be a result of too much seafood, red meat, decadent restaurant food and drinking. But I live off chicken and rice and only drink beer. I tell you, I think it was brought on by opiate induced dehydration. Or whatever that fent is cut with"
23,"Lol yeah it can1 be a result of too much seafood, red meat, decadent restaurant food and drinking. But I live off chicken and rice and only drink beer. I tell you, I think it was brought on by opiate induced dehydration. Or whatever that fent is cut with","seems odd...but yeah, there is no such thing as 
""too much seafood or red meat""...lol"
24,Gout and dope?,What does the gout in your foot feel like?
25,What does the gout in your foot feel like?,"Omg it was horrid. So first my foot felt really stiff like I had a cramp I couldn't shake. Then it turned bright red, got all swollen and hot at the base of the toes! The swelling went down a bit, now it looks like a black and blue mark. Still hurts, too."
26,"Omg it was horrid. So first my foot felt really stiff like I had a cramp I couldn't shake. Then it turned bright red, got all swollen and hot at the base of the toes! The swelling went down a bit, now it looks like a black and blue mark. Still hurts, too.","I dont think thats gout... i mean it could be idk what that actually means in all fairness, but I got what yore describing when i was shooting in my feet... do you shoot anywhere under your hips?"
27,"I dont think thats gout... i mean it could be idk what that actually means in all fairness, but I got what yore describing when i was shooting in my feet... do you shoot anywhere under your hips?","Nope, just my arm. It's definitely gout, I've seen it in my patients at work many times. I just never heard of it happening as a result of opiate use."
28,Opiates and etizolam?,"Yeah pretty dangerous. I mean benzos are pretty safe on their own, but add them on top of any other CNS/ specifically respiratory system depressant and it can easily turn your lights out for good. That being said I used to be heavy on the opiates and could easily take 2mg of etizolam on top of my dose without any noticeable ill effects. But I wouldn’t recommend it. Opiates were just as fun without etizolam, and all the etizolam did was make me careless enough to do a little too much dope and pass out too early. Just really wouldn’t recommend it man"
29,Opiates and etizolam?,"Yup, I've tried it. I woke up in the middle of a busy street surrounded by paramedics. Definitely not safe especially because Etizolam gives you the delusion of sobriety (you think you're sober even though you're absolutely fucked up)"
30,Opiates and etizolam?,No fucking way.
31,Opiates and etizolam?,It can be dangerous when you mix too much.
32,How long does oxy tolerance last after stopping?,Shit forever lol how long u been using
33,Shit forever lol how long u been using,"Fuck man that’s what it seems to be for me. I quit 3 months ago. Tried to get high on prescription roxi for my birthday (not a relapse, just a planned celebratory single dose) and I snorted all 3 of the pills I bought within an hour and still did not feel high. I suppose this is because I used to use fentanyl pressed pills and my tolerance was sky high, coupled with the fact that I’ve been using kratom for maintenance. But still, after 3 months I expected to easily be able to get high with 30-45mg of oxy. But nope, not even 90mg was enough. Crazy how tolerance works. I think it depends a lot of whether you’ve been totally clean or using something for maintenance though."
34,"Fuck man that’s what it seems to be for me. I quit 3 months ago. Tried to get high on prescription roxi for my birthday (not a relapse, just a planned celebratory single dose) and I snorted all 3 of the pills I bought within an hour and still did not feel high. I suppose this is because I used to use fentanyl pressed pills and my tolerance was sky high, coupled with the fact that I’ve been using kratom for maintenance. But still, after 3 months I expected to easily be able to get high with 30-45mg of oxy. But nope, not even 90mg was enough. Crazy how tolerance works. I think it depends a lot of whether you’ve been totally clean or using something for maintenance though.",Yea mine is always crazy high after using for so long even 3/4 month break doesn’t help
35,How long does oxy tolerance last after stopping?,Month
36,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,Depends on tollerenca im sure some would die off of 120 mg
37,Depends on tollerenca im sure some would die off of 120 mg,I have used alot of tramadol so i think my tollerance would be a bit higher
38,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,Go slow with it try 40 mg if 25 was weak
39,Go slow with it try 40 mg if 25 was weak,Never tried oxy so i wondered if 25mg was enough. Also will mixing oxy with other opiates like cosylan and tramadol potentiate it
40,Never tried oxy so i wondered if 25mg was enough. Also will mixing oxy with other opiates like cosylan and tramadol potentiate it,Take 50-75mg dph(benadryl) 30 minutes before doing the oxy
41,Take 50-75mg dph(benadryl) 30 minutes before doing the oxy,Benadryl is impossible to get here. I have some antihistamines. Is oxy liver toxic? I am on alot of methyl tren now and have to be careful.
42,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,35 mg of oxy should have u feeling good chew it up and youll be vibing within the hour
43,35 mg of oxy should have u feeling good chew it up and youll be vibing within the hour,Will i nod out on such a dose?
44,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,Well do youbtake tramodol everyday n how much of it do ubtake
45,Well do youbtake tramodol everyday n how much of it do ubtake,Not everyday but i have had binges and i take it whenever it is avaible. I have to take about 500mg staggered to get completly fucked up
46,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,First off do u know you can have seizures from doses that high of tram.. Second oxy is alot stonger start with no more then 25 mg
47,First off do u know you can have seizures from doses that high of tram.. Second oxy is alot stonger start with no more then 25 mg,Yeah i will try 25mg and see what happens. I really hope i nod
48,Whats the overdose range for oxy?,"With no tolerance a 30mg amount will be perfect! Honestly you will get rocked, don’t listen to the people going above this until you gauge for yourself."
49,Looking for something to watch when you get blasted? Got some new videos out on my YouTube and insta you guys might like. Been frequenting this sub for awhile and I love it here. I’m also very high right now❤️.Instagram: @northcostreview,"Also, what’s your favorite trash television shows to watch when your high?
I feel like watching tv on opiates is its own very specific zone. Movies I would watch while smoking weed are way different then ones I watch on opiates."
50,"Also, what’s your favorite trash television shows to watch when your high?
I feel like watching tv on opiates is its own very specific zone. Movies I would watch while smoking weed are way different then ones I watch on opiates.",Not trash but Archer and the Office are my favs
51,"Also, what’s your favorite trash television shows to watch when your high?
I feel like watching tv on opiates is its own very specific zone. Movies I would watch while smoking weed are way different then ones I watch on opiates.","Not really ""trash television "" but i love to watch cartoons on my meds. Not too serious, entertaining, and it doesnt matter if you close your eyes for a few lol. Adult swim is the best on opiates!"
52,"Not really ""trash television "" but i love to watch cartoons on my meds. Not too serious, entertaining, and it doesnt matter if you close your eyes for a few lol. Adult swim is the best on opiates!","Dude yes exactly you need shows you can enjoy but won’t miss much of you nod out for 2 episodes lol. Survivor man, naked and afraid, chopped. Stuff I can just keep rolling. Also I’m super into the adult swim stuff they put on YouTube. Like their specials. Check out “fish center”it’s very good and long and soothing. Also lots of good live bands."
53,Looking for something to watch when you get blasted? Got some new videos out on my YouTube and insta you guys might like. Been frequenting this sub for awhile and I love it here. I’m also very high right now❤️.Instagram: @northcostreview,Man you are talented. If you keep at this you are gonna be an awesome screen writer or director. Don’t let the dope take over your life man. Good luck.
54,Man you are talented. If you keep at this you are gonna be an awesome screen writer or director. Don’t let the dope take over your life man. Good luck.,"For sure! I second That! And just for demographic purposes, I'm a 55 yo gramma and loved it 😂"
55,"For sure! I second That! And just for demographic purposes, I'm a 55 yo gramma and loved it 😂",I love all of you this is my favorite sub.
56,Looking for something to watch when you get blasted? Got some new videos out on my YouTube and insta you guys might like. Been frequenting this sub for awhile and I love it here. I’m also very high right now❤️.Instagram: @northcostreview,I love dosing and watching The Office.
57,I love dosing and watching The Office.,I always get sucked into YouTube watching dumb shit like food reviews
58,Looking for something to watch when you get blasted? Got some new videos out on my YouTube and insta you guys might like. Been frequenting this sub for awhile and I love it here. I’m also very high right now❤️.Instagram: @northcostreview,"Summer 2016 I was hella strung out with no internet or cable tv. All o had was a shit Xbox 360 I couldn’t sell cuz it was all beat up, and my sisters external hard Drive with a bunch of shows and movies. I got High on a twin sized mattress  on the ground and watched the entire Honey Boo Boo series. I’ll never forget that.  I became emotionally invested."
59,"Summer 2016 I was hella strung out with no internet or cable tv. All o had was a shit Xbox 360 I couldn’t sell cuz it was all beat up, and my sisters external hard Drive with a bunch of shows and movies. I got High on a twin sized mattress  on the ground and watched the entire Honey Boo Boo series. I’ll never forget that.  I became emotionally invested.",Omg 😂😂😂😂😂
60,Looking for something to watch when you get blasted? Got some new videos out on my YouTube and insta you guys might like. Been frequenting this sub for awhile and I love it here. I’m also very high right now❤️.Instagram: @northcostreview,That was really enjoyable OP. Must admit I wasn't sure about it at first but it sucked me right in 😂😂
61,"I want to quit suboxone. I have been given all the advise on how to physically quit, but how can I mentally quit?",Its hard to quit when you totally dont want too.
62,Its hard to quit when you totally dont want too.,A big part of me does want to quit. Really more than anything. But I feel like that addict part of my brain won’t give up. Like my brain is being controlled and it’s a constant battle between what I want and what my brain thinks I want.
63,A big part of me does want to quit. Really more than anything. But I feel like that addict part of my brain won’t give up. Like my brain is being controlled and it’s a constant battle between what I want and what my brain thinks I want.,Believe bro i know. This 4 months i have now is the longest in past 7ish years. I wanted to quit just like you. But would mess up Every time and try and justify it. Eventually we have to be honest with ourselves and admit you aren't totally ready. Just that realization made me want to quit Even more. And when I eventually did quit it was a lil different and i knew i HAD to stop. It doesn't have to happen that way. But it did for me. I always knew I wanted to quit but wouldn't act on it. The letdown you give yourself fucking hurts lol. Telling yourself. You'll quit but never do. Its no way to live life having a chemical control you like a parasite. You got this man. Have a lil faith or confidence. You know you can do this.
64,A big part of me does want to quit. Really more than anything. But I feel like that addict part of my brain won’t give up. Like my brain is being controlled and it’s a constant battle between what I want and what my brain thinks I want.,I feel this *hard*.
65,"I want to quit suboxone. I have been given all the advise on how to physically quit, but how can I mentally quit?","i found that smoking pot helped me to get over the mental hurdles to an extent

good luck with it!"
66,"i found that smoking pot helped me to get over the mental hurdles to an extent

good luck with it!","I unfortunately get very paranoid from weed and have a terrible reaction to it. Otherwise I soo would. 

Thank you, I appreciate it!"
67,"I unfortunately get very paranoid from weed and have a terrible reaction to it. Otherwise I soo would. 

Thank you, I appreciate it!","one dude's sustenance can be another dudette's poison, i suppose

the other thing that has helped me mentally has been valium, it couold be worth speaking to a doctor about it, but because it is addictive, they would probably want you to take it in small doses and for only a shortish period of time

i hear a bit on this sub about using kratom to get over the psychological aspect, but i'm in australia and have never actually come across it the in real world"
68,"I want to quit suboxone. I have been given all the advise on how to physically quit, but how can I mentally quit?","I think your goals in life have to be stronger than your fears. Take some time to think about some very specific goals you'd like to achieve. They don't need to be huge. Start small and focus on that instead of being paralyzed by fear. I know, easier said than done but the more you try the easier it will become to get over your fears."
69,"I think your goals in life have to be stronger than your fears. Take some time to think about some very specific goals you'd like to achieve. They don't need to be huge. Start small and focus on that instead of being paralyzed by fear. I know, easier said than done but the more you try the easier it will become to get over your fears.","I like that advice. I’ve always felt that the fact that I’m a manageable addict, that I’ve graduated college, landed a good job, etc while on suboxone means I can create goals while using. But I think maybe I just focused on the material goals."
70,"I want to quit suboxone. I have been given all the advise on how to physically quit, but how can I mentally quit?",Try liquid drops of CBD its concentrated it's not gonna get u high but it works really well on taking away pain and anxiety then ur not relying on any pharmaceutical.  I'm going through the same things myself so I understand I'm just going through withdrawals of over 12+ years opiates  now on suboxone but I'm in terrible pain so I use cbd . If u get quality stuff it runs about 150.0 so that's the only issue it can be expensive also depending where u live if it's legal I'm in California.  U can always order it online. Just a though. Good luck
71,What happened to this subreddit?,"Extremely repetitive questions at that too. I think all the old timers kind a got tired of all the bullshit going on. People don’t take the time to search for general questions that have been answered hundreds of times, as well as, Unfortunately we can’t post pictures anymore because people can’t follow rules… It sucks the few assholes makes it so we can’t have nice things. Have you heard of r/opiatechurch ? You’re allowed to post pictures there..."
72,"Extremely repetitive questions at that too. I think all the old timers kind a got tired of all the bullshit going on. People don’t take the time to search for general questions that have been answered hundreds of times, as well as, Unfortunately we can’t post pictures anymore because people can’t follow rules… It sucks the few assholes makes it so we can’t have nice things. Have you heard of r/opiatechurch ? You’re allowed to post pictures there...",Ohhhh nice thanks for the recommendation. I was in an opiatesprivate sub but that was on an old account and I forgot the PW lol
73,Ohhhh nice thanks for the recommendation. I was in an opiatesprivate sub but that was on an old account and I forgot the PW lol,Of course!! Hopefully that will fill your void somewhat :)
74,Of course!! Hopefully that will fill your void somewhat :),"There's only one way to fill the void.

A healthy, loving relatio--***Black Tar Heroin***"
75,"Extremely repetitive questions at that too. I think all the old timers kind a got tired of all the bullshit going on. People don’t take the time to search for general questions that have been answered hundreds of times, as well as, Unfortunately we can’t post pictures anymore because people can’t follow rules… It sucks the few assholes makes it so we can’t have nice things. Have you heard of r/opiatechurch ? You’re allowed to post pictures there...",I just joined that subreddit just because its called opiatechurch lol
76,What happened to this subreddit?,Too much moderation and not being able to post pics anymore turned this sub into basically a Q & A... /r/opiatechurch is growing and starting to be better than this one.
77,What happened to this subreddit?,"the main thing i have noticed lately is a lack of photos of tablets

it seemed a few months ago that every second or third post was a photo of thirty odd tablets with 'look what i got!!!' in the comments 

i avoided clicking on them because i know what thirty pills looks like and they were getting VERY boring"
78,"the main thing i have noticed lately is a lack of photos of tablets

it seemed a few months ago that every second or third post was a photo of thirty odd tablets with 'look what i got!!!' in the comments 

i avoided clicking on them because i know what thirty pills looks like and they were getting VERY boring",Cant post pics anymore or reddit will shut this shit down.
79,Cant post pics anymore or reddit will shut this shit down.,not true. it was a decision made in an overabundance of caution. other subreddits are happily posting pictures without issues. this is a case of a subreddit being modded into the ground.
80,What happened to this subreddit?,"If your into shooting up check out r/addictedtotheneedle

Basically seems like a lot of subs splintered after that no image rule"
81,What happened to this subreddit?,Stricter moderation.
82,What happened to this subreddit?,I miss the memes . They were very original and relatable
83,What happened to this subreddit?,"When the pictures went, everything else did too."
84,What happened to this subreddit?,"If you look in my history I made a post named it's time for change, which sums it up"
85,What happened to this subreddit?,It’s fucking lame af since they banned images. Used to be my favorite sub now it’s absolute shit nothing but weak shit. Thank mods!
86,Wellbutrin as a potenator?,"A little searching yields this..

""If you take hydrocodone or oxycodone and either bupropion, dacomitinib, fluoxetine, hydroquinidine, paroxetine, or quinidine together, your pain medicine may not work as well.""

So i would guess no. Ive never heard of using it to potentiate either. Did someone tell you they do?"
87,Wellbutrin as a potenator?,Wellbutrin has a stimulant like effect so no
88,10mg of Oxycodone is it safe to take a 10mg morphine pill?,"Yea bud. doesnt even really matter your weight. Even with zero tolerance youd just get a pretty solid nod going with that.

Edit:
Your weight definitely matters. i just mean that even at a low weight (120lb) you wouldnt really overdose.
Im no doctor though. I just know from experience.

Stay safe!"
89,10mg of Oxycodone is it safe to take a 10mg morphine pill?,"We are not doctors so we cannot tell you what is safe and what is not safe. What I can say, is you can always take more, but you can never take less. So take some and evaluate how you feel in 30 minutes if you're okay, take a bit more, and so forth until you've reached your desired sweet spot. 

Also, just because it seems like you're early on in your addiction, consider quitting now. It's a lot easier to walk away while it's still a choice. That's all I'm gonna say on that because I don't want to patronize you."
90,10mg of Oxycodone is it safe to take a 10mg morphine pill?,Yes because morphine has a low oral bioavailability but I wouldn't take it if you're on Oxy as that's a waste imo. If you want to add to the Oxycodone you already took take 25 to 50 milligrams of Diphenhydramine (Benadryl).
91,Yes because morphine has a low oral bioavailability but I wouldn't take it if you're on Oxy as that's a waste imo. If you want to add to the Oxycodone you already took take 25 to 50 milligrams of Diphenhydramine (Benadryl).,What would be the best way to take the morphine?
92,What would be the best way to take the morphine?,Rectally if you don't IV things.
93,Codeine and tramadol synergy?,I heard you couldn't take them together
94,Codeine and tramadol synergy?,"I looked on psychonaut and it didn’t say anything about the two being dangerous I’ve took 500mg of tramadol anyway, feeling nice lol"
95,"I looked on psychonaut and it didn’t say anything about the two being dangerous I’ve took 500mg of tramadol anyway, feeling nice lol","Everyone’s different.  The danger with tramadol is more related to seizures, whereas codeine would just be respiratory depression really (or allergic reaction in a VERY rare instance).  If I were you, I’d just pick up an antihistamine like Doxylamine and take a dose of that with my codeine.  Definitely helps stop itching."
96,Is methadone “stable” in tang?,just shake it everytime to be sure
97,just shake it everytime to be sure,Yep
98,Is cold copping a horrible idea?,"I mean, it’s probably not the safest idea, but I’ve heard loads of success stories, so it’s definitely possible.,, girls and guys included... just dress down don’t act flashy and never let your money walk"
99,"I mean, it’s probably not the safest idea, but I’ve heard loads of success stories, so it’s definitely possible.,, girls and guys included... just dress down don’t act flashy and never let your money walk","I've cold copped successfully hundreds of times (100% success rate) in a Major City that rhymes with smalltimore. I'm a 28 year old white dude who weighs 140 lbs. And I was the only white guy in the entire area. Just stay alert and read the situation, it's not that hard here where I live. If you're worried about getting robbed or sold fake stuff maybe just buy a little bit so that you can go to try it and if it's good go buy more"
100,Is cold copping a horrible idea?,Depends on what city cant say it here but that really Is a factor I'm on east coast mssg me if u r
101,Is cold copping a horrible idea?,"Your not doing this because you think because u drank that means you're back to day zero, right? 

If so that doesn't mean shit. You're doing great don't stop."
102,Is cold copping a horrible idea?,Look if you ain't shady looking it don't matter much. They want your business. Honestly IMO I find it easier for a female to do this than a male. Dealers trust females more and don't think they would set them up
103,Is cold copping a horrible idea?,"Not to be sexist but for a girl I’d recommend against going out alone at night.  It’s the street and people are fucking mentally sick, desperate, and don’t give a fuck about anyone life including their own.  

Can you get a buddy to go with you?  I only say this because every girl that’s ever told me about trying to cold cop in cities said they just got taken advantage of, groped, or worse.  

At least go during the day, and to an area with considerable numbers of people around

If you must go alone at night, AT LEAST bring some form of protection.  Taser, gun if you’re bout that, etc... 

Funny story (and genius idea for peace lovers/tree huggers)... someone I know actually brought a small concealable bullhorn/megaphone with her to cold cop - though I’m sure a dollar store air horn can would work just fine - and when a group of old men ended up approaching and threatening her, she “blooooop’d” it real quick and said “y’all  wouldn’t believe how loud this shit gets”

The pussies scattered faster than light flashed rats lol"
104,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,Hypnagogia. Similar to that half awake half asleep feeling you may get as your falling asleep or if you only partly wake up. Google it.
105,Hypnagogia. Similar to that half awake half asleep feeling you may get as your falling asleep or if you only partly wake up. Google it.,lol such a weird word
106,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,"Neat question, but I feel like the answer might be so in-depth that it wouldn't mean that much to a layperson. Hopefully not though and someone answers. Even complicated things can sometimes be simplified to an extent that it can be understood to a lesser degree, but some things just require you to do the time to learn all the knowledge underpinning the understanding.

I know (and I mean know in the loosest possible sense) that benzos work by doing something to a certain chemical ""gate"" that moves things (ions?) from one place to another in the brain, which I think inhibits the effect of something called GABA at certain receptors. I've read that this is why mixing barbiturates and benzos is so lethal, because while one type of medication reduces or increases the number of these chemicals or ions, the other reduces or increases the frequency, meaning 2+2=8. I wonder if opiates work a similar way?

I had a look on wikipedia, on the [endorphin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endorphins) page:

>In the [PNS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peripheral_nervous_system), endorphins, primarily β-endorphin, are released from the pituitary gland and bind to μ-receptors. The binding of these two components inhibits the pain signal of the periphery nerves by blocking the neurotransmitter [substance P](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_P). The mechanism in the CNS is similar but works by blocking a different neurotransmitter. When the endorphin binds to the μ-receptor, it inhibits the release of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) which, in turn, increases the production and release of dopamine, the neurotransmitter associated with pleasure.\[15\]\[16\]

So it seems that opiates inhibit the release of GABA, but whether this is true of all opiates or just endorphins I don't know. But as far as I can tell there are a bunch of different opiate receptors with varying effects, and each opiate will have a distinct binding profile.

Whether this is significant or not, it seems that opiate receptors are considered ""G protein-coupled receptor"" ( ...constitute a large [protein family](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protein_family) of [receptors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_surface_receptor) that detect [molecules](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molecule) outside the [cell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_(biology)) and activate internal [signal transduction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Signal_transduction) pathways and, ultimately, cellular responses.). From wiki page on GABA:

>Two general classes of GABA receptor are known:\[3\]  
>  
>GABAA in which the receptor is part of a ligand-gated ion channel complex  
>  
>GABAB metabotropic receptors, which are **G protein-coupled receptors** that open or close ion channels via intermediaries (G proteins)  
>  
>Neurons that produce GABA as their output are called GABAergic neurons, and have chiefly inhibitory action at receptors in the adult vertebrate.

So as far as I can tell opiates inhibit GABA and in turn causes dopamine to be produced. So they cause drowsiness in a similar way many ""drowsy"" medications do, such as benzos, but how similarly I don't know. I simply don't have the knowledge to know whether most of what I've written is right, because I don't have the more fundamental understanding of how the brain works, so don't take any of this as gospel. A little bit of knowledge can be a dangerous thing. Whether we could understand to any meaningful extent an explanation beyond ""it does things to the chemicals in your brain"", who knows. Hopefully someone with the expertise can reply and try their best to dumb it down for us. May be worth posting this on ELI5 or another ask questions sub if you're really interested.

edit: Also worth keeping in mind that we don't fully understand how many medications work, opiates probably included. From [here](https://www.nps.org.au/australian-prescriber/articles/opioids-mechanisms-of-action):

>Inhibition of neurotransmitter release is considered to be the major mechanism of action responsible for the clinical effects of opioids. Nevertheless, despite extensive investigation, understanding of the cellular actions of morphine and other opioids is incomplete."
107,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,"Staying awake enough to be conscious, but unaware enough to avoid the shame.
- nodding"
108,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,Sounds like a really great question for /r/askscience
109,Sounds like a really great question for /r/askscience,Well...yeah but they might be not be accepting of my type of question lol. Most people I know whole heartily believe heroin addicts deserve to overdose and die.
110,Well...yeah but they might be not be accepting of my type of question lol. Most people I know whole heartily believe heroin addicts deserve to overdose and die.,r/DrugNerds
111,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,"Hmm..good question. Idk. If I had to guess ima say ur blood pressure lowers to a point of your body saying GO TA SLEEP BITCH! DAH MUTHAFUCKA DAH!
lol sorry slim shady just came outta me, but nah like ur body wants to sleep cuz ur breathing and blood pressure gets low, no idea man"
112,"Hmm..good question. Idk. If I had to guess ima say ur blood pressure lowers to a point of your body saying GO TA SLEEP BITCH! DAH MUTHAFUCKA DAH!
lol sorry slim shady just came outta me, but nah like ur body wants to sleep cuz ur breathing and blood pressure gets low, no idea man",It’s weird cause it feels so good nodding is my fav part I know some just use it for the euphoria which I love too but I gotta get to that nodding state. Idk what it is about it.  I meant sleeping off it is great too but I’m not wasting product on sleep lol
113,It’s weird cause it feels so good nodding is my fav part I know some just use it for the euphoria which I love too but I gotta get to that nodding state. Idk what it is about it.  I meant sleeping off it is great too but I’m not wasting product on sleep lol,"Oh hell yeah, I love the nod too, besides the itchy part it's the best, but remember, a nod is the last part typically one remembers , if anything, before an overdose. So be careful. Sometimes I get scared if I'm nodding too much and try splashing cold water on my face, shaking my head real fast, anything to stay awake"
114,"Oh hell yeah, I love the nod too, besides the itchy part it's the best, but remember, a nod is the last part typically one remembers , if anything, before an overdose. So be careful. Sometimes I get scared if I'm nodding too much and try splashing cold water on my face, shaking my head real fast, anything to stay awake","I don’t mind the itching tbh it feels too good and I never scratch hard enough to bleed or anything. I’ve only OD off once off some “pink” dope or fentanyl, idk it looked like Himalayan pink salt, but tasted like dope and I was out cold in less than 10. I eventually came out of it but before that it was amazing. I definitely push my limits tho. Sometimes I drool and completely fall over. I’ve nodded myself to sleep before, in weird crooked ass or even sitting upright positions to where my muscles are pulled and aching when I wake up; like I fell asleep from nodding out half standing up it was weird. It’s awful while driving, I know I shouldn’t have been driving but I had to get home. I guess I’m not too scared of an OD. I love to hear when my dope is cut with fent I see it as more bang for your buck."
115,"I don’t mind the itching tbh it feels too good and I never scratch hard enough to bleed or anything. I’ve only OD off once off some “pink” dope or fentanyl, idk it looked like Himalayan pink salt, but tasted like dope and I was out cold in less than 10. I eventually came out of it but before that it was amazing. I definitely push my limits tho. Sometimes I drool and completely fall over. I’ve nodded myself to sleep before, in weird crooked ass or even sitting upright positions to where my muscles are pulled and aching when I wake up; like I fell asleep from nodding out half standing up it was weird. It’s awful while driving, I know I shouldn’t have been driving but I had to get home. I guess I’m not too scared of an OD. I love to hear when my dope is cut with fent I see it as more bang for your buck.","I know it's difficult especially if you're sick but please wait until you get home to do your dope, or at least just do it then hang out at McDonald's or Starbucks until you're sober enough to drive. You won't make it home at all if you wreck and die, or even worse, kill someone else (worse bc you already knew the risks you were taking while driving high, those other people didn't sign up for that even if everyone knows that there is technically a chance of dying from getting hit by a driver under the influence every time they get in their car, you still don't expect it and shouldn't have to).

I always leave my rigs at home to make it easier to wait so that I couldn't do my shit even if I wanted to. Plus when you wait until you get home that makes the shot that much better bc you can just sit and enjoy it without having to worry about someone seeing you do it in your car or call the cops bc you're taking too long in the circle k bathroom so they assume you're shooting up, or have to worry about getting pulled over bc you're driving extra shitty since you're high. It's just all relaxation"
116,It’s weird cause it feels so good nodding is my fav part I know some just use it for the euphoria which I love too but I gotta get to that nodding state. Idk what it is about it.  I meant sleeping off it is great too but I’m not wasting product on sleep lol,Lol I fckin love nods.
117,What exactly is “nodding out” and why does it feel so good?,Dopamine hit 🖤
118,Quick Ways To Make $20?,Suckin’ that D!
119,Suckin’ that D!,Fete
120,Quick Ways To Make $20?,Earnin app
121,Quick Ways To Make $20?,The Earnin' app (I think there is one called Dave too). Donate plasma. Recycle cans. Sweep your house/car/etc. for change (I did this a few weeks ago and was completely shocked when I was able to scrounge up over $50).
122,The Earnin' app (I think there is one called Dave too). Donate plasma. Recycle cans. Sweep your house/car/etc. for change (I did this a few weeks ago and was completely shocked when I was able to scrounge up over $50).,Might try the change one! My work uses ADP so the online timesheet isn’t working with Earnin
123,Might try the change one! My work uses ADP so the online timesheet isn’t working with Earnin,I had a similar problem but you can go to the support section and message with someone from earnin and if you send them a screenshot of your online timesheet they can enter your earnings and you should be able to cash out
124,Might try the change one! My work uses ADP so the online timesheet isn’t working with Earnin,"Aw, bummer! I think my boyfriend's work uses ADP too for payroll and it works for him. That's too bad it's not working for you. It can be such a lifesaver. Maybe try out the Dave one? It was created by the guy on Shark Tank IIRC. Here is the link for the website: https://www.dave.com/. :)"
125,Might try the change one! My work uses ADP so the online timesheet isn’t working with Earnin,"earnin worked fine when my employer used ADP, i just took a photo of the timesheet showing on my computer screen and a few minutes later I would be able to cash out"
126,Quick Ways To Make $20?,Wow Earnin worked! Thank you guys.
127,Wow Earnin worked! Thank you guys.,don’t you have to have direct deposit for any of those apps to work tho?
128,don’t you have to have direct deposit for any of those apps to work tho?,Do u?
129,Do u?,"Yes, if you get a paper check then earning won't do s*** for you"
130,Quick Ways To Make $20?,"I always collect my recyclables. It doesn’t give you a whole lot or money, but it definitely helps"
131,"I always collect my recyclables. It doesn’t give you a whole lot or money, but it definitely helps",This only works in certain states.  Back during my active addiction I lived like a raccoon so there was always a layer of cans covering my apartment anyways.  One day when I was broke I had a stroke of genius like “Fuck!  I’m living in a gold mine!”...only to discover moments later that wasn’t a thing in my state.
132,Quick Ways To Make $20?,"Get some window wash, a bucket and a squeege and wash car windows at a busy intersection. Those guys make something like $4-5 per light change"
133,Quick Ways To Make $20?,"Try dave app too. Itll give u up to 75 bucks til payday if you've got direct deposit without any hassle. I use earnin n dave both . Just b careful with earnin. I got used to the advance n one time I was expecting to get it, and they took what I owed them n wouldnt  let me use it again bc of a glitch. It's great but dont get stuck in the hole of using it alot. Dave is better bc it's literally a 75$ spot without red tape."
134,Quick Ways To Make $20?,"If you live in a city and have a bike and a backpack, uber eats is a legit hustle. I used to make 15-20 an hour, more during big events, and there's the option to get paid instantly."
135,Quick Ways To Make $20?,Your question has no correlation to opiates
136,Your question has no correlation to opiates,"Yes, it does. They need money for dope. Get the stick out of your ass

Edit: Why else would they be posting this here?......"
137,"Yes, it does. They need money for dope. Get the stick out of your ass

Edit: Why else would they be posting this here?......","Yes thank you Sherlock, I’m quite clear on his intentions.

But, the premise itself is clearly about personal finance. Why does this question need to be asked on an opiate subreddit?"
138,"Yes thank you Sherlock, I’m quite clear on his intentions.

But, the premise itself is clearly about personal finance. Why does this question need to be asked on an opiate subreddit?",Because everyone on personal finance would say get a job (or a second job) where as everyone here are hustlers. Is it really that difficult to comprehend?
139,Because everyone on personal finance would say get a job (or a second job) where as everyone here are hustlers. Is it really that difficult to comprehend?,"Yeah, no, I think anyone with half a brain understands the term ‘quick cash’. 

Have you even read suggestions being made here? Doesn’t take a junkie to know about Earnin or Uber eats."
140,"Yeah, no, I think anyone with half a brain understands the term ‘quick cash’. 

Have you even read suggestions being made here? Doesn’t take a junkie to know about Earnin or Uber eats.","Never said nor implied it takes a junkie to think of earnin or uber eats. What if the person doesnt have a job or car/bike? Neither of those would be advice worth anything. Idk how long you have been around here, but these aren't the usual answers the members of this sub give..."
141,"Yes thank you Sherlock, I’m quite clear on his intentions.

But, the premise itself is clearly about personal finance. Why does this question need to be asked on an opiate subreddit?","It's an opiate community.  Any discussion is allowed.  Especially if hes trying to make a quick 20, people here would be way more helpful then any other sub imo"
142,Am i effectively tapering?,"Not a doc, but if you’re feeling that sick still, my opinion is you aren’t using enough to taper. The point of a taper is to minimize the WD by gradually reducing the dose over time. I would just do the rest to get some food in you and maybe shower, then bite the bullet. 

Don’t fuk with Subs for more than a day or two, please. They’re just methadone in disguise. Always stick with the quicker kick. Subs withdrawal takes weeks, months of slow-burning hell. I would trade for a few days of kicking the sheets anyway.

Hang in there. Remember, theres only a few seasons of your fav TV show in between you and the end."
143,"Not a doc, but if you’re feeling that sick still, my opinion is you aren’t using enough to taper. The point of a taper is to minimize the WD by gradually reducing the dose over time. I would just do the rest to get some food in you and maybe shower, then bite the bullet. 

Don’t fuk with Subs for more than a day or two, please. They’re just methadone in disguise. Always stick with the quicker kick. Subs withdrawal takes weeks, months of slow-burning hell. I would trade for a few days of kicking the sheets anyway.

Hang in there. Remember, theres only a few seasons of your fav TV show in between you and the end.","So you think im just going through actual wd then? Im really barely using any dope at this point. I felt like i was dying and went to work and i havent had a bump in a few hours and i feel pretty decent actually. If that is the case i might just go ahead and go without any for the rest of the day and all day tomorrow. As soon as i know i can stomach some kratom i know ill be good. 

And thank you!"
144,"So you think im just going through actual wd then? Im really barely using any dope at this point. I felt like i was dying and went to work and i havent had a bump in a few hours and i feel pretty decent actually. If that is the case i might just go ahead and go without any for the rest of the day and all day tomorrow. As soon as i know i can stomach some kratom i know ill be good. 

And thank you!",Challenging yourself to lower dosages is how ive always tapered sounds alot like what your doing. . ive always found it helps to get your mindto that state and than you play the shitty game of notdosing until you are going crazy. First weeks the hardest next a. Challenge.  Get some kratom take 10g maybe 8.ive been able to sleep with the litteral brown powder kratom. Like red bentuangie. To make it much more tolreable. . i use liberally .
145,Codeine dosage advice? First time,"Please consider not abusing them. Opiates lead to a lot of bad shit. It's much easier to never take it than to stop while you're neck deep. 

You may say you only have the one script, but you will find more. We all started that way. 

Consider the consequences of abusing opiates before you take them. It's not a fun journey."
146,Codeine dosage advice? First time,"Well its nothing like Xanax my freind, 100mg to 120mg would be a great starting dose, personally i like chilling at home and using reddit while on it, *as i am at the moment 😀 just be prepared for a little itchyness. Enjoy.👍"
147,Codeine dosage advice? First time,if u take like 100mg with no tolerance you will be so fucking high you’ll probably catch nods
148,Codeine dosage advice? First time,2 150mg for sure
149,Anyone had a piss test sent to the lab while using fake pee (quickfix in my case)? What was your experience?,Yes. I passed
150,Yes. I passed,Nice one!
151,Anyone had a piss test sent to the lab while using fake pee (quickfix in my case)? What was your experience?,yes i used Upassed synthetic pee
152,Anyone had a piss test sent to the lab while using fake pee (quickfix in my case)? What was your experience?,"You’re fine. Most employers have a contract with a certain lab, so they collect it wherever is convenient for you then ship it to thier lab. 

Just went through this a few weeks ago and i read a few stories online about people getting busted for substituting. The few of these stories that come up are suspicious. They usually are from new account users and don’t have many details. This leads me to believe that the reviews are fake perhaps from a shill for a different synthetic urine company. 

I also think that if you give the person administering the test any reason to suspect you may have just substituted they may have some BS protocol they go through to make you perform an observed test. Things such as taking way too long in the bathroom, or making noise with the bottle, leaving the bottle or cap in the bathroom. 

If its on temp and looks like pee the person administering the test cant really do anything even if they do suspect something.  If you made it past the initial validity testing done there at the collection site and they poured it into tubes and shipped it you are fine."
153,Anyone had a piss test sent to the lab while using fake pee (quickfix in my case)? What was your experience?,"So some states test the pee for a Uric Acid. Uric Acid is present in all urine, so if it's not there there lab will know. Lucky Quick Fix makes a version with Uric Acid in, I've used it for several lab tests and have no problem.

Someone else's clean urine is always cheap and works just as good. 

You'll have to put it in a condom. 
Wear 2 pairs whitey tighties. 
About 2-3 hours before test, put on one pair of undies and put tied off condom of pee in pants so it's touching your dick. If test is soon, go to a sink and fill with hot hot water, and put condom in there and keep moving it around.
Put on one more pair of undies and place a hand warmer in between the underwear, so it's not touching you or condom directly and doesn't go falling down your pants leg. 

If you put warmer so touches your skin the pee can be too hot and will fail. But if you don't use it it could be too cold and fail too."
154,"So some states test the pee for a Uric Acid. Uric Acid is present in all urine, so if it's not there there lab will know. Lucky Quick Fix makes a version with Uric Acid in, I've used it for several lab tests and have no problem.

Someone else's clean urine is always cheap and works just as good. 

You'll have to put it in a condom. 
Wear 2 pairs whitey tighties. 
About 2-3 hours before test, put on one pair of undies and put tied off condom of pee in pants so it's touching your dick. If test is soon, go to a sink and fill with hot hot water, and put condom in there and keep moving it around.
Put on one more pair of undies and place a hand warmer in between the underwear, so it's not touching you or condom directly and doesn't go falling down your pants leg. 

If you put warmer so touches your skin the pee can be too hot and will fail. But if you don't use it it could be too cold and fail too.","although the advice is appreciated, i have already taken the test lol."
155,"So some states test the pee for a Uric Acid. Uric Acid is present in all urine, so if it's not there there lab will know. Lucky Quick Fix makes a version with Uric Acid in, I've used it for several lab tests and have no problem.

Someone else's clean urine is always cheap and works just as good. 

You'll have to put it in a condom. 
Wear 2 pairs whitey tighties. 
About 2-3 hours before test, put on one pair of undies and put tied off condom of pee in pants so it's touching your dick. If test is soon, go to a sink and fill with hot hot water, and put condom in there and keep moving it around.
Put on one more pair of undies and place a hand warmer in between the underwear, so it's not touching you or condom directly and doesn't go falling down your pants leg. 

If you put warmer so touches your skin the pee can be too hot and will fail. But if you don't use it it could be too cold and fail too.","You may want to mention they also test the urine for specific gravity, PH, creatinine and temperature. All of which quick fix adheres to."
156,Anyone had a piss test sent to the lab while using fake pee (quickfix in my case)? What was your experience?,Most likely going to Quest or some shit and you’ll be fine.  Having your test “sent to a lab” is just code for “we don’t do the tests ourself”.
157,Cant breath from sniffing heroin?,Do you have asthma? It may just be triggering it if you do
158,Do you have asthma? It may just be triggering it if you do,"No i do not, but this never happen b4 i been using 10 years, its not right after i do it the breathing got worse with time i stopped for a week and it got better. Im pretty sure it was just this batch but want to know of this is common"
159,"No i do not, but this never happen b4 i been using 10 years, its not right after i do it the breathing got worse with time i stopped for a week and it got better. Im pretty sure it was just this batch but want to know of this is common",It could be cut with an insoluble that is collecting in your lung. Like the Talc thing that happens to Ritalin snorters.
160,Endones isn’t doing anything for me?,"Do you have a tolerance to opiates? I’m on ~90-120 mg a day and taking 70 mg at once would fuck me up. Try taking no more than 30 maybe 40 mg and potentiating with Tagamet or Promethazine. Hell, even pure fresh squeezed white grapefruit juice will potentiate."
161,"Do you have a tolerance to opiates? I’m on ~90-120 mg a day and taking 70 mg at once would fuck me up. Try taking no more than 30 maybe 40 mg and potentiating with Tagamet or Promethazine. Hell, even pure fresh squeezed white grapefruit juice will potentiate.","Only time I’ve caught a nod is with prometh snd some Valium, don’t think my body processess oxy by itself welll"
162,"Only time I’ve caught a nod is with prometh snd some Valium, don’t think my body processess oxy by itself welll",You may lack the CYP3A4 enzyme that breaks oxy down. Either that or the CYP2D6. Oxycodone breaks down into oxymorphone etc.
163,Endones isn’t doing anything for me?,Bump :(
164,Endones isn’t doing anything for me?,Sounds like bunk pills. Unlucky
165,Sounds like bunk pills. Unlucky,They’re endones from a blister pack :(
166,They’re endones from a blister pack :(,Fuck knows..expired maybe? What’s your tolerance like?
167,Fuck knows..expired maybe? What’s your tolerance like?,Not much tolerance like I was nodding hard off 20mg Valium 25 oxy and 50prometh so I thought let’s just try oxy by itself and it didn’t really do much
168,Not much tolerance like I was nodding hard off 20mg Valium 25 oxy and 50prometh so I thought let’s just try oxy by itself and it didn’t really do much,"Maybe you’re just used to nodding, for some people oxy gives them a lot of energy not like sedative opioids like heroin so that might be it"
169,"Maybe you’re just used to nodding, for some people oxy gives them a lot of energy not like sedative opioids like heroin so that might be it","True I was atleast expecting a warm blanket type feeling , maybe I should just take a large initial dose instead of smaller redoses?"
170,"True I was atleast expecting a warm blanket type feeling , maybe I should just take a large initial dose instead of smaller redoses?","That’s often better, and you can try snorting/boofing if oral isn’t working for you"
171,"That’s often better, and you can try snorting/boofing if oral isn’t working for you","They’re a pain to snort cuz they’re only 5mg and they’re fkn huge they chop up to a line Youd think is 40mg hahaha, might have to boof it"
172,"They’re a pain to snort cuz they’re only 5mg and they’re fkn huge they chop up to a line Youd think is 40mg hahaha, might have to boof it",Worth a try matey just dose 30-40mg at once see where that leaves you
173,They’re endones from a blister pack :(,Also blisters can also be faked
174,Also blisters can also be faked,Very true but my plug has been addicted to oxy for years so he knows if he’s stuff is bunk. And there is not much of an oxy scene is aus for people to fake blisters
175,Really Need Educated/Experienced advice - In current withdrawal - should I dose for dream Job interview in 2 days?,Dose low enough to be functional
176,Really Need Educated/Experienced advice - In current withdrawal - should I dose for dream Job interview in 2 days?,"So you are on day 3 now. Well day 5 you should start feeling better, so a tiny dose might be all you need.

I'd take a dose with me, in my pocket, during the interview. If you feel you need it, do it. I've done it before when I came back to work on day 6 - I had a small dose on me. I got through the shift without it in the end as I felt better at the end of the day.

Deffo do not take benzos.  You don't want to be withdrawing and benzoed out.  Being in withdrawals I think makes you not feel the benzos as much but they are definitely there."
177,Really Need Educated/Experienced advice - In current withdrawal - should I dose for dream Job interview in 2 days?,I feel like you’re gonna dose anyway.. BUT if you really wanna  push thru this go get some opms gold Extract capsules when you wake up and pop 3 of those baby’s  and enjoy a nice cup of Joe and wait like an hour maybe two and you’ll be good! For real.. they do help and give you that pick me up energy/mood lift when withdrawing.. then the morning of your interview do the same thing take them on an empty stomach with a cup of coffee and go get that job!! You may want to eat a little something light after about an hour of taking it/before your interview just in case you get nauseous or anything like that but you’ll know from taking it the day before how it’ll effect you.
178,I feel like you’re gonna dose anyway.. BUT if you really wanna  push thru this go get some opms gold Extract capsules when you wake up and pop 3 of those baby’s  and enjoy a nice cup of Joe and wait like an hour maybe two and you’ll be good! For real.. they do help and give you that pick me up energy/mood lift when withdrawing.. then the morning of your interview do the same thing take them on an empty stomach with a cup of coffee and go get that job!! You may want to eat a little something light after about an hour of taking it/before your interview just in case you get nauseous or anything like that but you’ll know from taking it the day before how it’ll effect you.,"I definitely want to take the easy way... but am really wanting to do this myself.  

I don't have anything to dose with so it would have to be a conscious decision tomorrow whether to pick up before, or not, since I also need tomorrow to honestly prep my ass off for this final interview.  

Because it's definitely the energy/mood lift that's hindering me being as prepared as possible for this opportunity.  

I'm going to try your method when I wake up tomorrow... That will give me enough time to see how much uplift in mood/energy it really gives me.  I've been pushing through with caffeine and clonidine to prep.

I know I have to be successful at this job, if I am so lucky to get it, sober...so in a weird way, I want to get through the interview without a minor relapse/setback... but I also do know that I can LOW dose once, and leave it at that.  I've solo tapered before and know how much self-control it takes to taper when having the Oxy on hand...  if I low dose this time, I don't have more and can handle the detox.  I've been successful at that part before.  But, trust me, I am not trying to go clean for this job... I am trying to go clean and this opportunity happened to land in my lap...so regardless...I am going clean...with or without this job (just want my best chance at getting it)"
179,"I definitely want to take the easy way... but am really wanting to do this myself.  

I don't have anything to dose with so it would have to be a conscious decision tomorrow whether to pick up before, or not, since I also need tomorrow to honestly prep my ass off for this final interview.  

Because it's definitely the energy/mood lift that's hindering me being as prepared as possible for this opportunity.  

I'm going to try your method when I wake up tomorrow... That will give me enough time to see how much uplift in mood/energy it really gives me.  I've been pushing through with caffeine and clonidine to prep.

I know I have to be successful at this job, if I am so lucky to get it, sober...so in a weird way, I want to get through the interview without a minor relapse/setback... but I also do know that I can LOW dose once, and leave it at that.  I've solo tapered before and know how much self-control it takes to taper when having the Oxy on hand...  if I low dose this time, I don't have more and can handle the detox.  I've been successful at that part before.  But, trust me, I am not trying to go clean for this job... I am trying to go clean and this opportunity happened to land in my lap...so regardless...I am going clean...with or without this job (just want my best chance at getting it)",Exactly you just need to not be bothered with stupid physical withdrawal symptoms and anxiety on top of trying to focus on your goal. So go try the Kratom and minimize as much of that as you can to clear your mind and not be sweating/freezing your ass off 24/7 and then you can go in and get this job you deserve! Also please take ibuprofen... (I know) but really it makes such a difference on the aches that creep up on you
180,Exactly you just need to not be bothered with stupid physical withdrawal symptoms and anxiety on top of trying to focus on your goal. So go try the Kratom and minimize as much of that as you can to clear your mind and not be sweating/freezing your ass off 24/7 and then you can go in and get this job you deserve! Also please take ibuprofen... (I know) but really it makes such a difference on the aches that creep up on you,"Something to consider, if your in the US most jobs these days do a background check and a drug test, You would want at least a week clean I would say."
181,"Something to consider, if your in the US most jobs these days do a background check and a drug test, You would want at least a week clean I would say.","No drug test on this one.  Thank goodness... It's based on education, experience, and skill.  They will check references but not a problem.  I'm actually a model employee as far as work and productions is concerned.  Have been in leadership departments of past employment locations for past 15 years.  Developed this problem really in 2015 but started when I broke my leg in 2002.  Funny...I enjoyed opioids then, and was in surgeries for 3 years straight... prescribed Opioids the ENTIRE 3 years.  Soon as I healed, didn't even ween off... just stopped.  And I know it's crazy, and maybe ignorance is bliss, but I swear I did not experience any withdrawals then.  

I didn't touch a single opiate until maybe 2005-8 at a party or two.... then nothing for 7 years.  A co worker had a steady supply and that's when I really began to enjoy the oxy ride.  It's so strange to me I could do 3 straight years of Oxy and stop without thinking about it before, but now that I know withdrawals are associated with stopping, I swear it makes it 1000 times worse.  Plus, I was in my early 20's back then so maybe my body processed the chemicals easier...kinda like when you're young and never used to get hangovers....now they last 3 days lol."
182,"I definitely want to take the easy way... but am really wanting to do this myself.  

I don't have anything to dose with so it would have to be a conscious decision tomorrow whether to pick up before, or not, since I also need tomorrow to honestly prep my ass off for this final interview.  

Because it's definitely the energy/mood lift that's hindering me being as prepared as possible for this opportunity.  

I'm going to try your method when I wake up tomorrow... That will give me enough time to see how much uplift in mood/energy it really gives me.  I've been pushing through with caffeine and clonidine to prep.

I know I have to be successful at this job, if I am so lucky to get it, sober...so in a weird way, I want to get through the interview without a minor relapse/setback... but I also do know that I can LOW dose once, and leave it at that.  I've solo tapered before and know how much self-control it takes to taper when having the Oxy on hand...  if I low dose this time, I don't have more and can handle the detox.  I've been successful at that part before.  But, trust me, I am not trying to go clean for this job... I am trying to go clean and this opportunity happened to land in my lap...so regardless...I am going clean...with or without this job (just want my best chance at getting it)","Dude, honestly, just take something the day before the interview, so you can sleep good and a little bit the next morning. There is no way in hell you will be a able to hold down an interview, and even get a job on day three of withdrawing of a 300mg a day Oxycodone habit. If this job is important to you, one day more of taking oxy wont make a big difference. You have enough time to withdraw after the interview.

Dont ruin your life anymore because of that stuff."
183,"Dude, honestly, just take something the day before the interview, so you can sleep good and a little bit the next morning. There is no way in hell you will be a able to hold down an interview, and even get a job on day three of withdrawing of a 300mg a day Oxycodone habit. If this job is important to you, one day more of taking oxy wont make a big difference. You have enough time to withdraw after the interview.

Dont ruin your life anymore because of that stuff.","Dude...right in line with my thinking, brother.  I've ruined my life enough because of this shit.  Just so happens, biggest opportunity in years has LITERALLY FALLEN into my lap.  Trust me...if I had an extra week, I wouldn't even think about low dosing (or dosing at all).... I know I was over the worst at the end of day 3/early day 4 so was fine until they moved up the interview.

And @\_morpheus\_23 - You're exactly right....I could get through the interview, but i would be at 20% tops as far as being on top of my interview game... and I think I'm being generous...probably closer to the high single digit percentages.

There's a lot to prep for tomorrow's interview so I did pick up this am.  I got 3 OC 80's (the crushable ones...not the gel ones) and dosed 120mg's today to help with my prep.  It was a god send as far as the energy it gave me and the ability to concentrate on my prep...not to mention the confidence I did not have leading up to this interview.  

My plan is to dose the rest 120mgs tomorrow 1 hr before my interview on an empty stomach, chased by a cup of thick coffee, black.  

I appreciate your advice and for not beating around the bush.  Lot's have said I've been through the worst of it (physical Withdrawal-wise) since interview is happening day 5, but this opportunity is life changing...not just for me, but for everyone who's cared for me through what I've put myself and them through.

I'll update this thread tomorrow and let you know how it went.  Rumor is they will request your references within 30 mins of the interview ending if they decide to hire the candidate.  If I don't get a request for said references...I will sadly update you...But I promise I won't use the ""Oh this sucks I didn't get the job so I'm gonna go on a bender."
184,"Dude...right in line with my thinking, brother.  I've ruined my life enough because of this shit.  Just so happens, biggest opportunity in years has LITERALLY FALLEN into my lap.  Trust me...if I had an extra week, I wouldn't even think about low dosing (or dosing at all).... I know I was over the worst at the end of day 3/early day 4 so was fine until they moved up the interview.

And @\_morpheus\_23 - You're exactly right....I could get through the interview, but i would be at 20% tops as far as being on top of my interview game... and I think I'm being generous...probably closer to the high single digit percentages.

There's a lot to prep for tomorrow's interview so I did pick up this am.  I got 3 OC 80's (the crushable ones...not the gel ones) and dosed 120mg's today to help with my prep.  It was a god send as far as the energy it gave me and the ability to concentrate on my prep...not to mention the confidence I did not have leading up to this interview.  

My plan is to dose the rest 120mgs tomorrow 1 hr before my interview on an empty stomach, chased by a cup of thick coffee, black.  

I appreciate your advice and for not beating around the bush.  Lot's have said I've been through the worst of it (physical Withdrawal-wise) since interview is happening day 5, but this opportunity is life changing...not just for me, but for everyone who's cared for me through what I've put myself and them through.

I'll update this thread tomorrow and let you know how it went.  Rumor is they will request your references within 30 mins of the interview ending if they decide to hire the candidate.  If I don't get a request for said references...I will sadly update you...But I promise I won't use the ""Oh this sucks I didn't get the job so I'm gonna go on a bender.","Hey i wish you the best of luck. Definitely post how it went.

Maybe dose a little sooner tomorrow, your tolerance has gone down the last days tremendously without taking anything. I just could imagine 120mg, hitting you right when you sit in the interview, (btw how do you use?) being a bit much after 3-4 days of abstinence. On the other hand, if you already dosed 120mg and feel fine and able to concentrate, im sure it will work. You got this, man!"
185,"Hey i wish you the best of luck. Definitely post how it went.

Maybe dose a little sooner tomorrow, your tolerance has gone down the last days tremendously without taking anything. I just could imagine 120mg, hitting you right when you sit in the interview, (btw how do you use?) being a bit much after 3-4 days of abstinence. On the other hand, if you already dosed 120mg and feel fine and able to concentrate, im sure it will work. You got this, man!","I dose orally...I think you're right as far as time to dose tomorrow... the 120 I did today was NOT too much at all, but when it hit, it hit, and I'm sure I looked too happy....I don't want to overdo it.

I'm going to dose 2 hrs prior and follow your suggestion.  That's when I felt the best and was able to fully focus after dosing today.  I know tomorrow my tolerance will be significantly higher (so weird how that happens in one use) so timing should work out perfectly.  Will be confident, functional, energetic, and hopefully charming as faaaaaccccckkkkkkk!!!!  

Jesus it's such a fucking high wire act... almost perfect balance required to pull this off.

&#x200B;

Thanks for the support, peeps."
186,Really Need Educated/Experienced advice - In current withdrawal - should I dose for dream Job interview in 2 days?,"Day 3 youll be feeling your worst. Another two and youll be feeling substantially better, but nowhere near 100%. If you have decent comfort meds like benzo's you should be ok for the interview. If not I would be tempted to low dose myself, Im a twitchy sweating nervous wreck when Im hanging."
187,"Day 3 youll be feeling your worst. Another two and youll be feeling substantially better, but nowhere near 100%. If you have decent comfort meds like benzo's you should be ok for the interview. If not I would be tempted to low dose myself, Im a twitchy sweating nervous wreck when Im hanging.",Benzos would be the worst thing to be under the influence of with having an important interview.
188,Benzos would be the worst thing to be under the influence of with having an important interview.,"Sure a recreational 'lets get fucked up' dose, a medical 'I need to stop shaking and sweating' dose, no youll be absolutely fine."
189,Benzos would be the worst thing to be under the influence of with having an important interview.,"Yah I agree entirely.  Would do the opposite of what I need for this interview.  Slow me down...maybe make me a tad more thoughtful with my answers...but slurring them out at half speed won't help me land this dream job.  

Thanks for the advice...I agree"
190,"Yah I agree entirely.  Would do the opposite of what I need for this interview.  Slow me down...maybe make me a tad more thoughtful with my answers...but slurring them out at half speed won't help me land this dream job.  

Thanks for the advice...I agree","Lmao slurring them out at half speed haha... Even a small medical dose makes me slow, i feel bad for the people who are around me because i know i just look a mess 😂"
191,Really Need Educated/Experienced advice - In current withdrawal - should I dose for dream Job interview in 2 days?,"Ohh man, thats a tough one. I don't want to say use anything cuz you are trying to quit Buuutt obviously this is an important situation for you. 

Its up to you, and yeah you'll be feeling the worst of it on day 3. Id say go for it if you can only keep it to that one time....or alternatively you could just maybe mention that you are feeling a bit under the weather when you get there and they might cut you some slack, it is that time of year where everyone seems to be sick"
192,"Ohh man, thats a tough one. I don't want to say use anything cuz you are trying to quit Buuutt obviously this is an important situation for you. 

Its up to you, and yeah you'll be feeling the worst of it on day 3. Id say go for it if you can only keep it to that one time....or alternatively you could just maybe mention that you are feeling a bit under the weather when you get there and they might cut you some slack, it is that time of year where everyone seems to be sick","Tomorrow will be the deciding day based on how Im feeling by the evening.  If I feel like shit and know it's not going to be better by interview time...low dose it is... 

I promise to report back..."
193,"Tomorrow will be the deciding day based on how Im feeling by the evening.  If I feel like shit and know it's not going to be better by interview time...low dose it is... 

I promise to report back...","Please do. Good luck my friend, I hope it goes well for you."
194,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,Try weed bro
195,Try weed bro,"That........

is actually brilliant"
196,"That........

is actually brilliant",Weed fox's most thing lemme know how you go dude
197,Weed fox's most thing lemme know how you go dude,thanks i appreciate it
198,thanks i appreciate it,"Yeah dude, smoke some herb and you should get the munchies!"
199,Try weed bro,"I second cannabis. Get some pure CBD too to complement it, makes it even BETTER!"
200,Try weed bro,This right here 100%
201,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"You can watch cooking shows on YouTube--grilling ribs or steaks or burgers!--or making desserts: chocolate eclairs stuffed with delicious homemade pastry cream! or cheese cake, etc.

I'm usually starving after about 10-15 minutes of that!

Give it a try.

You may need to seek medical intervention if you can't turn this around on your own, so keep an open mind.

Good luck to you. :)

Edit: I rely on this method to stir my appetite so that I can eat a full meal (when I don't want to) because I need to eat a full meal when taking certain meds... I hope that it helps you, too. :)"
202,"You can watch cooking shows on YouTube--grilling ribs or steaks or burgers!--or making desserts: chocolate eclairs stuffed with delicious homemade pastry cream! or cheese cake, etc.

I'm usually starving after about 10-15 minutes of that!

Give it a try.

You may need to seek medical intervention if you can't turn this around on your own, so keep an open mind.

Good luck to you. :)

Edit: I rely on this method to stir my appetite so that I can eat a full meal (when I don't want to) because I need to eat a full meal when taking certain meds... I hope that it helps you, too. :)","Thanks, I definitely will try it!"
203,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"Weed is the ONLY thing that keeps my BMI sensible after a long, very long (much longer than what you’ve stated) struggle with opiates."
204,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"Tbh everything I put in my mouth tastes like pennies because of chemo and if it weren’t for weed, I’d probably weigh less than my current weight. Weed is a gift from the universe lol."
205,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"start with fruit, because fruit is an appetite stimulant.

then eat fatty meats until you're no longer hungry, including organs if you can tolerate them.

i cannot guarantee this will work, because i've never used opioids."
206,"start with fruit, because fruit is an appetite stimulant.

then eat fatty meats until you're no longer hungry, including organs if you can tolerate them.

i cannot guarantee this will work, because i've never used opioids.",Then not to be rude but why are you here
207,Then not to be rude but why are you here,"idk. the struggles of addicts are fascinating and depressing. funny enough I have been way too close for comfort (negligently gave my sister a broken arm when I was 8; if I am not mistaken, she got the pain relief she needed, and it depresses me that the opiate crisis is being used to deny people the same relief that I'm told my sister got; no she doesn't use opiates anymore).

and for a non-user I have grazed uncomfortably close to opiate use (tea, anybody? it didn't work, for whatever that's worth) more than a few times.

i guess I'm here to be the uninformed clown. hopefully if I haven't helped you, I've entertained you."
208,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"I've done 10 weeks off methadone and my appetite was the same but is improving slightly. You need to start small. Get some protein shakes or smoothies. Your stomach will have shrunk.

Also, try chocolate or anything you fancy so you can get some calories in.

I can also usually manage to force down some toast.

I also agree with the comments about smoking some weed.

Good luck."
209,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,"I’m guessing you don’t want to see a doctor about this but it’s probably the most effective way to solve your problem... you don’t need to say why you have no appetite, just that you don’t have any... (not trying to be a smartass but if you’re losing weight fast and are underweight or close, you’ll eventually get to the point where you’ll end up in the hospital anyway...)"
210,I have absolutely no desire to eat anything after a 4 year addiction to hydrocodone. Any ideas?,Took 3 months for my appetite to normalise after a long habit. Just keep moving.
211,Is a pipe made from earthenware air dry clay safe to smoke opium from?,"Well I mean its 'clay'. Clay is not a set unvarying substance and has brand and regional differences. But in theory yes, [earthenware pipes](https://www.google.com/search?q=earthenware+smoking+pipe&newwindow=1&client=firefox-b-d&sxsrf=ACYBGNSUq8PSarwoFsIAibR9kTHp754NLA:1571021921333&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiDs7jc4JrlAhWGXSsKHRsgD_YQ_AUIESgB&biw=1047&bih=531&dpr=1.3) have been used by Europeans since the introducction of tobacco in the 16th century."
212,Is a pipe made from earthenware air dry clay safe to smoke opium from?,"old school Chinese pipes were usually stoneware or clay of various kinds, so are Persian style pipes. I don't know if there's something weird about 'air dry' clay that makes it toxic though."
213,Has anybody here tried drinking tonic water (Quinine) to boost the euphoria or analgesia caused by Suboxone?,"This was brought up before and heavily debated on bluelight or opiophile in relation to another opiate, but the general consensus seemed to be that you'd have to drink GALLONS of tonic water to even get close to enough quinine. Tonic water is just too dilute.

There used to be higher dose quinine pills sold OTC in the USA for leg cramps, not sure if these are still available or not. 

Your best bet if you want to try this is finding a source for quinine pills online like a foreign pharmacy, or pure quinine powder(no idea on sources for either). Good luck, keep us updated!"
214,"This was brought up before and heavily debated on bluelight or opiophile in relation to another opiate, but the general consensus seemed to be that you'd have to drink GALLONS of tonic water to even get close to enough quinine. Tonic water is just too dilute.

There used to be higher dose quinine pills sold OTC in the USA for leg cramps, not sure if these are still available or not. 

Your best bet if you want to try this is finding a source for quinine pills online like a foreign pharmacy, or pure quinine powder(no idea on sources for either). Good luck, keep us updated!",You can get Quinine pills from Indian pharmacies.
215,Has anybody here tried drinking tonic water (Quinine) to boost the euphoria or analgesia caused by Suboxone?,No but Ive used quinine tablets for withdrawl muscle cramps and it really helps. The only drink Ive used for opiates is [grapefruit juice](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9420451)
216,Has anybody here tried drinking tonic water (Quinine) to boost the euphoria or analgesia caused by Suboxone?,I can't even find real Quinine water anymore.  Do you order it online?  The stuff they sell at the grocery stores contains barely any Quinine to be useful.
217,Has anybody here tried drinking tonic water (Quinine) to boost the euphoria or analgesia caused by Suboxone?,"Modern tonic water contains considerably less quinine than it did in the past (when it was actually a malarial tonic). I’d imagine if it was as loaded with quinine as it used to be it would be unbearably bitter (unless you add plenty of Gin and limes!) so I’d assume that’s why. 

I think there’s something like 8mg of quinine per litre now, but that’s just off the top of my head and I’m almost certainly wrong so check it for yourself to find out exact numbers."
218,Has anybody here tried drinking tonic water (Quinine) to boost the euphoria or analgesia caused by Suboxone?,The only opioid I've heard of people using Quinine to potentiate it's effects is Loperamide (Imodium).
219,How much Kratom to avoid opiate withdrawals?,That’s a low dose so I’d say start low with the krakra and work your way up till u find the right dose everyone is different.
220,That’s a low dose so I’d say start low with the krakra and work your way up till u find the right dose everyone is different.,"Thanks, that seems to have worked so far. 2 grams helps to prevent the stomach pains"
221,"Thanks, that seems to have worked so far. 2 grams helps to prevent the stomach pains",No problem good luck !
222,How much Kratom to avoid opiate withdrawals?,"Got the same issue; wondering the same thing. Taking around 50mg hydros daily, down from 120mg a few years ago. Hell, down from 90mg a couple of months ago. But, wanting to engage some kratom to get that number even lower. Any recs on dosage and method (tea, pills, etc.)?"
223,"Got the same issue; wondering the same thing. Taking around 50mg hydros daily, down from 120mg a few years ago. Hell, down from 90mg a couple of months ago. But, wanting to engage some kratom to get that number even lower. Any recs on dosage and method (tea, pills, etc.)?","Maybe I should mention I’ve been taking it daily for 3-4 years and I only take about 6 grams a day all split up. It’s perfect to toss and wash with coffee ☕️. The Kratom tree is in the same plantae family as the coffee tree.Rubicae, I just think some people hate the taste but coffee is easily the best way. Good luck"
224,"Got the same issue; wondering the same thing. Taking around 50mg hydros daily, down from 120mg a few years ago. Hell, down from 90mg a couple of months ago. But, wanting to engage some kratom to get that number even lower. Any recs on dosage and method (tea, pills, etc.)?","I tried 1.5 grams and it helped but only a little, still had stomach pains and gnarly growls. Then tried another .5 grams to combine for a total of 2 grams, and I am chillin!!

Congrats on your taper so far!! Btw how as your taper? I tried going from 30 mg to 10 mg, and that was fine. Probably because I only dosed my 30 mg every 12 or 16 hours, well spread out, with sometimes only dosing 10 mg between each day until my next 30 mg dosage. I did that for a while, and it worked great. But then I had only 1 week of dosing 3-4x a day on 30mg, and my tolerance increased. 

So I decided I should try to taper just for a week or so to lower my tolerance. Going to 10 was fine, I did that for 5 days no problem at all. But when I tried going down to 0 mg, I still had bad stomach pains, restless legs, antsy behavior, anxiety. Not too bad though, but enough where I realized I was withdrawing.

So that's what led me to Kratom, and it's great so far. I would try doing 2-3 grams of Kratom"
225,"Got the same issue; wondering the same thing. Taking around 50mg hydros daily, down from 120mg a few years ago. Hell, down from 90mg a couple of months ago. But, wanting to engage some kratom to get that number even lower. Any recs on dosage and method (tea, pills, etc.)?",I’m high and feeling great on Kratom. I know it’s not H or even Percocet but it’s very good. Congrats on lowering your dose. I would probably start with 2-3 mg max of Green Vein. I like Maeng Da. It’ll really help. You’ll probably enjoy it.
226,I’m high and feeling great on Kratom. I know it’s not H or even Percocet but it’s very good. Congrats on lowering your dose. I would probably start with 2-3 mg max of Green Vein. I like Maeng Da. It’ll really help. You’ll probably enjoy it.,"By mg, you mean g, right?"
227,"By mg, you mean g, right?",Yeah I meant to say maybe 1 gram. Like I was saying I’ve been taking it for years and I don’t take 2-3 mgs at once.
228,How much Kratom to avoid opiate withdrawals?,"I personally take 4 teaspoons in the morning (8 gs), and follow it up with 2 teaspoons (4 gs) every three hours for the rest of my day. I would start between 8-10 gs to avoid getting sick, then dose yourself based on how you feel. You aren't likely to get the wobbles, since you've got a high tolerance to opiates. But I would definitely start with that just to avoid getting sick. I need to also let you know when I say teaspoons, I literally referring to a level measuring teaspoon. Try not to use a kitchen spoon or anything as a guide because you won't get your dose right with that. The taste is bad, it's awful, but it sure beats the hell out of feeling sick and in withdrawals. I use toss and wash, took me a while to get used to it. Chocolate milk is gonna be your best friend for consuming it."
229,"I personally take 4 teaspoons in the morning (8 gs), and follow it up with 2 teaspoons (4 gs) every three hours for the rest of my day. I would start between 8-10 gs to avoid getting sick, then dose yourself based on how you feel. You aren't likely to get the wobbles, since you've got a high tolerance to opiates. But I would definitely start with that just to avoid getting sick. I need to also let you know when I say teaspoons, I literally referring to a level measuring teaspoon. Try not to use a kitchen spoon or anything as a guide because you won't get your dose right with that. The taste is bad, it's awful, but it sure beats the hell out of feeling sick and in withdrawals. I use toss and wash, took me a while to get used to it. Chocolate milk is gonna be your best friend for consuming it.","Thanks, ya I just bough some capsules, 0.5 g per cap. I just took 2 grams and feeling good, no more intense stomach pain"
230,"Thanks, ya I just bough some capsules, 0.5 g per cap. I just took 2 grams and feeling good, no more intense stomach pain","I used capsules when I first dabbled into kratom. The capsules always left a full feeling in my chest until they dissolved completely, then when I burped, I would taste kratom. Toss and wash was extremely hard to master but well worth the two second inconvenience. I use the red strains because they're the most comparable to pain medicine. What exactly are you using kratom for if you don't mind? To avoid withdrawals I know, but do you plan on using it long term?  Or just for emergencies?"
231,"I used capsules when I first dabbled into kratom. The capsules always left a full feeling in my chest until they dissolved completely, then when I burped, I would taste kratom. Toss and wash was extremely hard to master but well worth the two second inconvenience. I use the red strains because they're the most comparable to pain medicine. What exactly are you using kratom for if you don't mind? To avoid withdrawals I know, but do you plan on using it long term?  Or just for emergencies?","Rn I'm trying to use it to taper off opiods, so I can reset my tolerance for opioid pain meds again.
But I'm also a student, so I'd like to take kratom when I'm studying and in class, without having withdrawals from my pain meds. 
I also have the red strain, very nice so far"
232,How much Kratom to avoid opiate withdrawals?,I take 4-5 grams of caps and it makes fent WD bearable so I’m guessing you would be fine with anywhere from 2-4 grams
233,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,"Heroin is a little strong for a first opiate. When I see non opiate users try it, all of the other side effects often overpower the good feeling. If you're looking for typical opiate euphoria I would try something weaker like hydrocodone or oxycodone (if you can be sure that you're taking real pills).  


But all that aside, I would suggest not getting to the point where you have a taste for opiates. If you tried them once and didn't see what the hype was about, GREAT. Go back to your life. You won't have much of one if you keep doing H."
234,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,"get some tar..it has more or the euphoric alkaloids in it and is less likely to be cut with fent..smoke it, shoot it or mix it with baking powder and snort it.."
235,"get some tar..it has more or the euphoric alkaloids in it and is less likely to be cut with fent..smoke it, shoot it or mix it with baking powder and snort it..",Good to know. Thanks.
236,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,"Wait, so you had never done any opiates before and you decided to just try heroin?"
237,"Wait, so you had never done any opiates before and you decided to just try heroin?",That's how I started.
238,"Wait, so you had never done any opiates before and you decided to just try heroin?",Yes?
239,Yes?,"Probably wasnt ""China white""...

That's a term thats thrown around way too often imo"
240,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,"First of all, China white going ""wrong"" would leave you dead, be thankful you had a lackluster first experience.

Secondly, opioids don't give you that ""great euphoric feeling"" unless you're in extreme physical or mental pain, and even then, the relief from said pain carries most of the ""euphoria"". (sorry if you are and this doesn't apply to you, just from my and others' experiences)

Now is the best time to stop and be glad it didn't work well for you. If you think you're in a rut now, just wait until you're in a worse rut and also withdrawing. I don't mean to sound blunt, but you're realllllllyyyy going to wish you went back in time and stopped yourself right here."
241,"First of all, China white going ""wrong"" would leave you dead, be thankful you had a lackluster first experience.

Secondly, opioids don't give you that ""great euphoric feeling"" unless you're in extreme physical or mental pain, and even then, the relief from said pain carries most of the ""euphoria"". (sorry if you are and this doesn't apply to you, just from my and others' experiences)

Now is the best time to stop and be glad it didn't work well for you. If you think you're in a rut now, just wait until you're in a worse rut and also withdrawing. I don't mean to sound blunt, but you're realllllllyyyy going to wish you went back in time and stopped yourself right here.",Really? Everyone here talks about how euphoric opiates feel. If they didn’t feel pleasurable then why would people do them? And I have sever depression so I figured I would have felt something strong.
242,Really? Everyone here talks about how euphoric opiates feel. If they didn’t feel pleasurable then why would people do them? And I have sever depression so I figured I would have felt something strong.,"I was surprised too. I'd describe them more as being extremely numbing as opposed to euphoric. You can imagine why a numbing drug would be popular among people who have been dealt a bad hand in life. Also fentanyl is also known for being more sedating as opposed to feel-good. Stimulants, now that's real euphoria.

Speaking logically, the best advice you will ever get is to never take recreational opioids again. If you're absolutely determined to try a new drug, which I would advise against, ketamine is probably the best option in your case and has less life-ruining potential.

I hope things get better soon♡"
243,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,Also China white heroin is almost always fentanyl or a fentalogue now. Guess you have a natural tolerance?
244,Also China white heroin is almost always fentanyl or a fentalogue now. Guess you have a natural tolerance?,I don’t know. I didn’t snort too much. Less than a match head size. Would regular heroin be a lot more euphoric. I don’t care for my body to feel all heavy. I want the warmth and the euphoria and calm.
245,I don’t know. I didn’t snort too much. Less than a match head size. Would regular heroin be a lot more euphoric. I don’t care for my body to feel all heavy. I want the warmth and the euphoria and calm.,"Unfortunately, you won't get it. There's no more China white  heroin, not in the States, at least, that isn't really just fentanyl. 

Don't waste your time and money on this shit. It's not worth it."
246,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,If it was real China and it was your first time it would have gotten you sooo Monica lewblownskis you should have oded.
247,Used China white heroin (never used an opioid before) for the first time a couple weeks ago. It was super underwhelming. What went wrong?,H didn’t feel good to me the first couple times I did it bc it was too strong so the nausea and nods masked the euphoria.  Trust me just pretend it doesn’t feel good and never try it again.  You’re messing with a live grenade.  I would do anything to go back and never try it to begin with.  Good luck
248,I got beat again...maybe?,8 mg sub pills or strips sell on average for $20 where I live so at least you got those. I'd stop dealing with that person altogether either way.
249,8 mg sub pills or strips sell on average for $20 where I live so at least you got those. I'd stop dealing with that person altogether either way.,"I’m used to them costing $10 each, but either way, it was $80-160 of collateral on $40.  He’ll probably hit me up at some point and I’ll probably go back because he’s got that fire...but yea, you’d think I’d learn at some point."
250,I got beat again...maybe?,"8 8mg strips is a decent come up, i used to pay $20 a strip for those and they were pretty rare in my city. i’d be banking on a text at some point. 

if i were you i’d be tryna use those to get off everything. at worst, sell and smoke some weed and get some gucci there. 

this life has no longevity for anyone. your instincts are most likely correct."
251,"8 8mg strips is a decent come up, i used to pay $20 a strip for those and they were pretty rare in my city. i’d be banking on a text at some point. 

if i were you i’d be tryna use those to get off everything. at worst, sell and smoke some weed and get some gucci there. 

this life has no longevity for anyone. your instincts are most likely correct.","Yes, it was actually kind of perfectly timed as that was the last day of a few day run.  Funny thing is I had fronted him $80 earlier that day, he went, copped, and brought me my 8 bags.

Then I gave him $40 for an evening run and told him I’d have $150 to buy more off him when he was back.  He took my $40, gave me 8 8mg Suboxone as collateral, and took off.  By the time I called him a few hours later to check-in, he had already blocked me.

The next day, though, as soon as I started feeling shitty, I took a Suboxone and had no PWD, they worked as they were supposed to and I felt right again.  I ended up taking 5 that day to see if I could get high off them (spoiler alert, I cannot), but since then I’ve been taking small bits of the last 3 twice a day and am doing pretty fucking well.

Strange strange dude.  I will never understand his junkie wiles and ways, but I’d be willing to bet I get a call sometime in the next week or two."
252,"Yes, it was actually kind of perfectly timed as that was the last day of a few day run.  Funny thing is I had fronted him $80 earlier that day, he went, copped, and brought me my 8 bags.

Then I gave him $40 for an evening run and told him I’d have $150 to buy more off him when he was back.  He took my $40, gave me 8 8mg Suboxone as collateral, and took off.  By the time I called him a few hours later to check-in, he had already blocked me.

The next day, though, as soon as I started feeling shitty, I took a Suboxone and had no PWD, they worked as they were supposed to and I felt right again.  I ended up taking 5 that day to see if I could get high off them (spoiler alert, I cannot), but since then I’ve been taking small bits of the last 3 twice a day and am doing pretty fucking well.

Strange strange dude.  I will never understand his junkie wiles and ways, but I’d be willing to bet I get a call sometime in the next week or two.","you’ve got the 1/100000000 chance man, just taper yourself as best you can with those strips. i’ve been deep and the strips actually make shit possible compared to any other move. this is your chance. for real. hmu if you need to talk or have any questions, PLEASE. you’ve hit the gold in the haystack, even if it doesn’t feel that way."
253,"you’ve got the 1/100000000 chance man, just taper yourself as best you can with those strips. i’ve been deep and the strips actually make shit possible compared to any other move. this is your chance. for real. hmu if you need to talk or have any questions, PLEASE. you’ve hit the gold in the haystack, even if it doesn’t feel that way.","I’m actually good on the sobriety bit.  I’ve been going on runs for 2-5 days mostly, but prior to that, I broke my 15+ year Heroin habit with 50-60 days clean.  I’ll get mild withdrawals off the 2-5 day runs and still have some PAWS/insomnia, but for the most part I’m good these days.  I’ve been taking the Subs for about 3-4 days now to avoid withdrawals from my last run, but I could probably jump off them now with very limited impact.

I appreciate the offers of help and such, but I’ve been at this so long and my “addiction” these days is limited to few day runs, that the after effects aren’t that bad.  It’s virtually impossible to find a consistent plug where I’m at so even if I wanted to go back to the junkie life completely (which I do not), I probably couldn’t anyways."
254,I got beat again...maybe?,Sounds like you are going through a junkie middle or one of the worst dealers ever. Either way fuck that dude find someone else.
255,I got beat again...maybe?,"He could've got ""caught up"" ya feel me? I hope not... shit I wish I could sell strips down here... i cant find anyone to buy them"
256,I got beat again...maybe?,"The dude is clearly just a middle trying to support his own habit. One day he's on top, buying sacks for lots of people (this is when he pays you back). Other days, no one hits him up and he's sick, broke (when he rips you off). It's not hard to understand. That's just the way it goes. I don't mean to insult you by say this, but you're a mark. He's using you as a payday loan. Solid come up on those subs though."
257,"The dude is clearly just a middle trying to support his own habit. One day he's on top, buying sacks for lots of people (this is when he pays you back). Other days, no one hits him up and he's sick, broke (when he rips you off). It's not hard to understand. That's just the way it goes. I don't mean to insult you by say this, but you're a mark. He's using you as a payday loan. Solid come up on those subs though.","Yes, but I mean the first time he hit me back with interest so no loss.  This time I got $80-160 of collateral off a $40 front which he busted.  If I’m a mark and this is his con, he’s one shitty con artist."
258,"Yes, but I mean the first time he hit me back with interest so no loss.  This time I got $80-160 of collateral off a $40 front which he busted.  If I’m a mark and this is his con, he’s one shitty con artist.",He's thinking about it on a day to day basis. Get well now. Junkies are not known for their forethought.
259,He's thinking about it on a day to day basis. Get well now. Junkies are not known for their forethought.,"I love how everyone talks to me these days like I wasn’t a junkie for 15+ years, lol.  I can dig it.  If I were junkied out and planning to book on a fool I wouldn’t have given that much collateral (especially drug collateral).  I do know he has trouble selling his Suboxone, though, so maybe he thought that was a quick way to turn them into Heroin coupons.

Ah well, I’m sure I’ll hear from him soon and get some sort of story.  He only books on me during his runs at night I’ve found so if I stop fronting him in the evening I should be gold, lol."
260,"I love how everyone talks to me these days like I wasn’t a junkie for 15+ years, lol.  I can dig it.  If I were junkied out and planning to book on a fool I wouldn’t have given that much collateral (especially drug collateral).  I do know he has trouble selling his Suboxone, though, so maybe he thought that was a quick way to turn them into Heroin coupons.

Ah well, I’m sure I’ll hear from him soon and get some sort of story.  He only books on me during his runs at night I’ve found so if I stop fronting him in the evening I should be gold, lol.","Ah my bad man I totally misunderstood your situation. I did assume you were somewhat fresh. No ill intent, I apologize if I came of condescending."
261,I got beat again...maybe?,"He probably just has a boat load of subs, but he doesn't want subs, he wants dope money. That's the only thing that makes sense to me.

Next Time he hits a come up he will be hitting you up and get all butthurt that the subs are gone LOL"
262,"G73 opana, same as G74 for IV prep?",Yessir...you lucky motherfucker you
263,Yessir...you lucky motherfucker you,Come to a country* they are all over
264,Come to a country* they are all over,Watch the location homie!!  I got banned for that shit with a swiftness.
265,Watch the location homie!!  I got banned for that shit with a swiftness.,There I edited it. What a joke ty
266,There I edited it. What a joke ty,"Of course!...and yea, I posted the name of a city where they sell fake cigarettes, nothing to do with Opiates and I don’t even live near the city I mentioned, still caught one on the chin from the ban hammer."
267,"G73 opana, same as G74 for IV prep?",Yes
268,Effects of 20x 2mg Dilaudid Tablets?,"Snort them, start with one and build up."
269,Effects of 20x 2mg Dilaudid Tablets?,"10 mg is a good start. Watch with mixing alcohol with any opiates! Last time I did that, I smashed my face on the coffee table, which injured my eye and a cataract grew- then had to get cataract surgery- ugh!"
270,"10 mg is a good start. Watch with mixing alcohol with any opiates! Last time I did that, I smashed my face on the coffee table, which injured my eye and a cataract grew- then had to get cataract surgery- ugh!",10mg on 0 tolerance is actually a lot. The first shots they do at a hospital are sometimes even 0.5mg -1.5mg
271,10mg on 0 tolerance is actually a lot. The first shots they do at a hospital are sometimes even 0.5mg -1.5mg,Oh! I think I’m getting that mixed up with dilata!
272,Oh! I think I’m getting that mixed up with dilata!,"Yes, I'm unfamiliar with dilata! Is it an opioid of some form?"
273,"Yes, I'm unfamiliar with dilata! Is it an opioid of some form?",Yeah pretty strong one. Just makes me sleepy though- does nothing for my pain. I prefer hydros. Why if it’s all opis you get a different reaction to each?? 🤷‍♀️ the strength of the opi in each huh?
274,Yeah pretty strong one. Just makes me sleepy though- does nothing for my pain. I prefer hydros. Why if it’s all opis you get a different reaction to each?? 🤷‍♀️ the strength of the opi in each huh?,"Yes, every opioid is different. Even though the potency is different theres many other factors. Some opioids affect other opioid receptors in the brain and some release histamine and some to varying degrees"
275,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,"One of my favorite expression is “when you get the message hang up the phone”

If you are sleeping/laying in bed all day, I can tell u that is 100% not normal behavior. As far as the addiction aspect is concerned is I’d have trouble getting out of bed when I’m sober. Drugs gave me that motivation to pop out of bed, go to work and do school etc. Everyone is different. (Currently in very early recovery)

I don’t know you. I don’t know your life, but the simple fact that you took time out of your day to seek help for this issue on reddit let’s me known you are not enjoying this lifestyle. 

If drugs are ruining your life, then stop doing drugs. Reach out for help, people on reddit won’t solve your problems, but we can help you understand the questions you ask.

Best of luck to you. Have a blessed day."
276,"One of my favorite expression is “when you get the message hang up the phone”

If you are sleeping/laying in bed all day, I can tell u that is 100% not normal behavior. As far as the addiction aspect is concerned is I’d have trouble getting out of bed when I’m sober. Drugs gave me that motivation to pop out of bed, go to work and do school etc. Everyone is different. (Currently in very early recovery)

I don’t know you. I don’t know your life, but the simple fact that you took time out of your day to seek help for this issue on reddit let’s me known you are not enjoying this lifestyle. 

If drugs are ruining your life, then stop doing drugs. Reach out for help, people on reddit won’t solve your problems, but we can help you understand the questions you ask.

Best of luck to you. Have a blessed day.","Concise reply!!  Definitely solid advice.  Could be\most likely other underlying issues to address, but in order to do that, you have to get clean.  Op, if you are not happy with your current situation u definitely have the ability, and its never to late to start. Hope all works out for ya, take care"
277,"One of my favorite expression is “when you get the message hang up the phone”

If you are sleeping/laying in bed all day, I can tell u that is 100% not normal behavior. As far as the addiction aspect is concerned is I’d have trouble getting out of bed when I’m sober. Drugs gave me that motivation to pop out of bed, go to work and do school etc. Everyone is different. (Currently in very early recovery)

I don’t know you. I don’t know your life, but the simple fact that you took time out of your day to seek help for this issue on reddit let’s me known you are not enjoying this lifestyle. 

If drugs are ruining your life, then stop doing drugs. Reach out for help, people on reddit won’t solve your problems, but we can help you understand the questions you ask.

Best of luck to you. Have a blessed day.","Solid fucking response yo. I wish you nothing but the absolute best in your recovery. 

Remember if you have a foot in yesterday and a foot in tomorrow, you'll end up shitting all over today. You know, the day that matters :)

You go bud."
278,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,"It sounds to me like you got some other issues goin on.  Major depression? Or some other mental illness?  Or maybe your body isnt running right with some vitamin/mineral/hormone deficiency?

I could see if you just didn't do as much activities as you used to, but doing nothing but staying home 100% of a year only shooting dope and sleeping is a long fuckin time to do nothing.

You can't take the dog for a walk/ go for a walk in the park, or go out to eat, go see a movie?  Most of us Just don't have the extra cash to pay for movies or dinner out, but going for a walk or bike ride is free."
279,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,Yes. It happens with addiction. It doesn't mean depression. Its the drugs draining you.
280,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,It's a mix of depression and extreme reliance on the short chemical boost from dope.
281,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,I imagine if I didn't have to come up with the cash to support my habit thats about all my life would consist of at this point. If you've really gotta get motivated for something just throw some meth into the mix
282,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,"Addiction is only a small part of your equation. You clearly suffer from some kind of mental illness related to depression. The long term methods to turning your life around are the obvious ones, including exercise, proper sleep schedule, and social interaction. Obviously therapy, various blood tests, and likely medication are needed for you to recover. Now this is a huge double edged sword, but adderall might be beneficial for you in the SHORT term, IF you add it to the rest of what I mentioned. If you simply take adderall and do nothing else to improve your situation, within 6-9 months you'll just need adderall to feel the way you do now, and without it you'll feel even worse."
283,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,"Sounds like the life, you have a boyfriend,  you have dope, lay around all day, no work, i do not see the issue :)"
284,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,I do the exact same thing it sucks in bed forever constantly
285,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,Just avoiding life 🤷‍♀️
286,I just read something I relate to so much. Is this normal in addiction?,"Ok see the weird thing for me is if not for opiates I spend all day laying in bed going in and out of sleep.

Get some opiates in me and they act like stims, like an adderal, I have the motivation to get up and go.

&#x200B;

It was like that even before I started opiates, in fact thats why they gripped me so hard for more than a decade."
287,Can you overdose on suboxone?,"If you have no opiate tolerance, yes.  Also a chance of overdosing if you mix with benzos."
288,"Hi again guys, subutex, suboxone or methadone?","Suboxone if you were on weaker opiates (oxy, codeine, hydro, etc) and methadone for H or Fent, maybe even oxy depending on dose."
289,"Hi again guys, subutex, suboxone or methadone?","It all depends on what else you have going on along with addiction. Like myself I have chronic pain so my choice is gonna be straight towards methadone. I've had both, methadone is an effective pain med and for myself it didnt give the the craving effect like other opiates have. The only thing I'd say to warn people of is be prepared to either get on it then get off as quickly as possible if you dont want to be dependent on a drug, if your gonna do the long haul make sure you are gonna be able to get this script for as long as you want/need it. Most say that you'll never lose a prescription as long as you abide by the guidelines, dont abuse it sell it whatever it would be to cause you to loose it. I know otherwise. Drug policies changing every day getting stricter made it impossible to continue methadone after 13 years of an unblemished script history when my doctor retired. I simply could not afford what the few doctors that prescribed methadone were wanting. Second thing is be prepared to loose your teeth. Theses meds dry your mouth out so bad it is unavoidable, so be prepared to be very proactive on dental care."
290,How to reduce/eliminate opiate nausea?,"Ginger is a fucking miracle bro. I've tried every OTC and many Rx only nausea meds and some of these worked *alright* at best. A few yrs ago I read that ginger root can help with nausea of all kinds, so I went and bought a bottle of ginger root capsules at Walmart for like $4 not expecting it to do shit because come on... Its ginger. But damn I was surprised. For me it Works better than any actual drug did for nausea. It's all I've been using for the past 4-5 years or so now and it still works just as well as it did day 1."
291,How to reduce/eliminate opiate nausea?,Agree with the ginger mention. That shit really is a miracle. I’ve used Dramamine too every once in awhile but the ginger def helps.
292,How to reduce/eliminate opiate nausea?,"A small snack or a low dose of benzodiazepines. Maybe  .5 mg Klonopin/Xanax. I understand with Tramadol, it sometimes used to make me hot 🥵 too."
293,How to reduce/eliminate opiate nausea?,I’ve always come to find fenigran or howevernits spelt has always helped me with nausea tremendously
294,I’ve always come to find fenigran or howevernits spelt has always helped me with nausea tremendously,phenergan
295,How to reduce/eliminate opiate nausea?,Zolfran I told my doc my percs made me feel nauseous and he has no problem giving them to me.
296,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"Because of dopamine. Dopamine is what you get when you like anything at all, a show, a book, or a good game. Heroin floods your brain with more than an orgasm and hangs around awhile so of course youre gonna feel good doing anything. The philpsophy stuff is fine but no, its the dopamine."
297,"Because of dopamine. Dopamine is what you get when you like anything at all, a show, a book, or a good game. Heroin floods your brain with more than an orgasm and hangs around awhile so of course youre gonna feel good doing anything. The philpsophy stuff is fine but no, its the dopamine.","But also consider that the philosophy stuff, for some of us, IS the dopamine! 
Still, you nailed it. It’s all about the chemical reaction from an overflow of dopamine"
298,"Because of dopamine. Dopamine is what you get when you like anything at all, a show, a book, or a good game. Heroin floods your brain with more than an orgasm and hangs around awhile so of course youre gonna feel good doing anything. The philpsophy stuff is fine but no, its the dopamine.",dopamine is the motivation neurochemical. it is not the pleasure neurochemical. that's beta-endorphin.
299,"Because of dopamine. Dopamine is what you get when you like anything at all, a show, a book, or a good game. Heroin floods your brain with more than an orgasm and hangs around awhile so of course youre gonna feel good doing anything. The philpsophy stuff is fine but no, its the dopamine.","I don't know. the philosophy stuff is one thing the dopamines another but I don't know if either one of them is the entire truth. At this point in my use side don't think I get off a lot of dopamine rush from using, it's almost like the opposite. I'm compelled to use by addiction not so much by desire."
300,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"This is a somewhat philosophical question that deserves some philosophical pondering. I believe it falls directly in line with Lao Tzu and his “Tao Te Ching” explaining Taoism (Daoism)

“We mould clay into a pot,
but it is the emptiness inside
that makes the vessel useful.”

— Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching quotes 11

Essentially - it’s not what a life “contains” that matters...it’s the creation and process of setting up the kind of life that is what is meaningful to the individual. Further, it’s how you create your experience and why you do it that makes it worth it (or not worth it).

So in your experience, you are creating a life that allows you to feel good about doing nothing. But if you did nothing without scoring, it would not be the life you want, and thus the boredom is palpable. When you score you know that you are giving yourself the confines of what you want, so whatever happens inside those confines, boredom, is much more acceptable to you and your mind.

A look into this can be seen as following:

However important it is, non-being cannot exist without the being.  A pot cannot be a pot without the clay.  A house cannot be a house without the pillars and walls. Money cannot play the role or exchange if cannot be recognised as a tool of trust.


Just a thought.


Not to mention...H dulls senses, emotions, fears, anxieties, etc. thus doing nothing feels like doing something, when high.


Edit: a word."
301,"This is a somewhat philosophical question that deserves some philosophical pondering. I believe it falls directly in line with Lao Tzu and his “Tao Te Ching” explaining Taoism (Daoism)

“We mould clay into a pot,
but it is the emptiness inside
that makes the vessel useful.”

— Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching quotes 11

Essentially - it’s not what a life “contains” that matters...it’s the creation and process of setting up the kind of life that is what is meaningful to the individual. Further, it’s how you create your experience and why you do it that makes it worth it (or not worth it).

So in your experience, you are creating a life that allows you to feel good about doing nothing. But if you did nothing without scoring, it would not be the life you want, and thus the boredom is palpable. When you score you know that you are giving yourself the confines of what you want, so whatever happens inside those confines, boredom, is much more acceptable to you and your mind.

A look into this can be seen as following:

However important it is, non-being cannot exist without the being.  A pot cannot be a pot without the clay.  A house cannot be a house without the pillars and walls. Money cannot play the role or exchange if cannot be recognised as a tool of trust.


Just a thought.


Not to mention...H dulls senses, emotions, fears, anxieties, etc. thus doing nothing feels like doing something, when high.


Edit: a word.","Wow. This was a lot more of a response than I expected. I have a feeling this won't be topped, because you got it with this: 

>When you score you know that you are giving yourself the confines of what you want, so whatever happens inside those confines, boredom, is much more acceptable to you and your mind."
302,"Wow. This was a lot more of a response than I expected. I have a feeling this won't be topped, because you got it with this: 

>When you score you know that you are giving yourself the confines of what you want, so whatever happens inside those confines, boredom, is much more acceptable to you and your mind.","
Glad this thought experiment helped bring some light to your question :)"
303,"This is a somewhat philosophical question that deserves some philosophical pondering. I believe it falls directly in line with Lao Tzu and his “Tao Te Ching” explaining Taoism (Daoism)

“We mould clay into a pot,
but it is the emptiness inside
that makes the vessel useful.”

— Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching quotes 11

Essentially - it’s not what a life “contains” that matters...it’s the creation and process of setting up the kind of life that is what is meaningful to the individual. Further, it’s how you create your experience and why you do it that makes it worth it (or not worth it).

So in your experience, you are creating a life that allows you to feel good about doing nothing. But if you did nothing without scoring, it would not be the life you want, and thus the boredom is palpable. When you score you know that you are giving yourself the confines of what you want, so whatever happens inside those confines, boredom, is much more acceptable to you and your mind.

A look into this can be seen as following:

However important it is, non-being cannot exist without the being.  A pot cannot be a pot without the clay.  A house cannot be a house without the pillars and walls. Money cannot play the role or exchange if cannot be recognised as a tool of trust.


Just a thought.


Not to mention...H dulls senses, emotions, fears, anxieties, etc. thus doing nothing feels like doing something, when high.


Edit: a word.",bruh
304,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"I've been sober from H since 2012 and I'm still trying to find meaning in my life. Once you have a real heroin addiction it becomes the only thing that matters. I try to find other hobbies to fill the time, but in the back of my mind I'm thinking about using."
305,"I've been sober from H since 2012 and I'm still trying to find meaning in my life. Once you have a real heroin addiction it becomes the only thing that matters. I try to find other hobbies to fill the time, but in the back of my mind I'm thinking about using.",Fuckin addiction
306,Fuckin addiction,"Nailed it. Your brain is forever altered .You're never not an addict after that, you're just not using."
307,"Nailed it. Your brain is forever altered .You're never not an addict after that, you're just not using.",Ugh. Addicts are everyone but some addictions are everything. Whatever that means. I need to eat more iron.
308,Ugh. Addicts are everyone but some addictions are everything. Whatever that means. I need to eat more iron.,"Yes, eat liver, and also take N-acetylcysteine"
309,"I've been sober from H since 2012 and I'm still trying to find meaning in my life. Once you have a real heroin addiction it becomes the only thing that matters. I try to find other hobbies to fill the time, but in the back of my mind I'm thinking about using.",Im the same but when you give in its usually a let down and makes you even more pissed off.
310,Im the same but when you give in its usually a let down and makes you even more pissed off.,Definitely true! I curse the day I did any opiate!
311,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"If life had intrinsic value, we could all sit around the house and not be bored ever, because life is just that great, sadly that is not the case, and for me at least, heroin is needed to ease the pain and mind."
312,"If life had intrinsic value, we could all sit around the house and not be bored ever, because life is just that great, sadly that is not the case, and for me at least, heroin is needed to ease the pain and mind.","*Pain of mind, sickness of heart* --neurosis

Which came first, the junkie or the dope?"
313,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"Endogenous and exogenous opioids, are designed to separate homosapiens monotony by distraction 👊"
314,"Endogenous and exogenous opioids, are designed to separate homosapiens monotony by distraction 👊",Well then thanks to uhh whoever
315,Well then thanks to uhh whoever,"Your God, Odin, or the universal nature that invented Poppies and then our human brain, with receptors to catch the goodies 🤣😂🤪😝"
316,"Your God, Odin, or the universal nature that invented Poppies and then our human brain, with receptors to catch the goodies 🤣😂🤪😝","If there is a God I figure whatever it is it must like to get high too. Made in its image and all.

Edit: and on the 8th day it gave us clean rigs and sour patch kids"
317,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"Because youre high, it's that simple"
318,Why does heroin make life less boring?,Boredom is not a contented state. Hyperactivation of the mu-opiate receptor is.
319,Boredom is not a contented state. Hyperactivation of the mu-opiate receptor is.,Sounds about right to me
320,Why does heroin make life less boring?,A lot of drugs do this to me. Even weed if I'm super high. I'm entertained just sitting around
321,A lot of drugs do this to me. Even weed if I'm super high. I'm entertained just sitting around,Weed only lasts like 20 minutes though
322,Weed only lasts like 20 minutes though,"if you have a fast metabolism, yeah. If I get super baked I'm high for 3-4 hours"
323,"if you have a fast metabolism, yeah. If I get super baked I'm high for 3-4 hours",I think I have about a slow metabolism as a person can possibly get. it takes 7 days for a shot of heroin to get out of my system.
324,I think I have about a slow metabolism as a person can possibly get. it takes 7 days for a shot of heroin to get out of my system.,interesting! I wonder why it doesn't last long for you then. Mine's also insanely slow.
325,interesting! I wonder why it doesn't last long for you then. Mine's also insanely slow.,"I think it has to do with us having different definitions of when we are stoned. I say 20-30 mins because I'm referring to actually feeling high, you say 2+ hours because you are talking about feeling the effects. If that makes sense? I mean, I get what you mean, but I think there are two main parts to the effects of weed: the initial part where you're high then the remaining part where you're stoned.

Part 1 High=buzzing head, shiny smile with giggles, eyes glazed, ahhhhhhhhhhyeeeeeeeeah chiiiiiiill!!

Part 2 stoned=coming down, memory lapses, yawns and sleepy red eyes, take a nap feeling, munchies, etc

Part 3= smoke some more"
326,"I think it has to do with us having different definitions of when we are stoned. I say 20-30 mins because I'm referring to actually feeling high, you say 2+ hours because you are talking about feeling the effects. If that makes sense? I mean, I get what you mean, but I think there are two main parts to the effects of weed: the initial part where you're high then the remaining part where you're stoned.

Part 1 High=buzzing head, shiny smile with giggles, eyes glazed, ahhhhhhhhhhyeeeeeeeeah chiiiiiiill!!

Part 2 stoned=coming down, memory lapses, yawns and sleepy red eyes, take a nap feeling, munchies, etc

Part 3= smoke some more","Possibly, but if I smoke enough I'm actually high (based on your definition) for at least an hour and feeling the effects from it the rest of the time. Could have to do with my tolerance as well though, I smoke daily but I only started about 6 months ago"
327,Why does heroin make life less boring?,I have never done in heroin in my life but I have seen someone up close on it. And they seem to be out of reality with the nodding. So I assume you are not in this world you are in another makes life easier.
328,Why does heroin make life less boring?,"..........Plus we haven’t even found either the other 80% of our brain capacity, nor the plants hiding in the Amazon to make us stratospherically euphoric 👊"
329,Gabapentin and subutex?,Becareful if you have a low opiate tolerance.. taking 8mg of subs might be way too much if your tolerance is low.
330,Becareful if you have a low opiate tolerance.. taking 8mg of subs might be way too much if your tolerance is low.,Yeah I've only been taking 2-4mg
331,Yeah I've only been taking 2-4mg,"Like everyday?

Becareful suboxone addiction fucking sucks and the withdrawals was the longest thing I’ve ever gone through. Even worse than benzos."
332,"Like everyday?

Becareful suboxone addiction fucking sucks and the withdrawals was the longest thing I’ve ever gone through. Even worse than benzos.","No just the past few days. I'm experienced with suboxone, was on it for 8 months and that fueled my addiction to i.v. cocaine which to this day is my biggest problem. When I eventually came off subs it was pretty bad but I just made sure I had a shit ton of coke, benzos and alcohol didnt even know withdrawls were lmao. The worst for me was kicking straight fentanyl"
333,"Like everyday?

Becareful suboxone addiction fucking sucks and the withdrawals was the longest thing I’ve ever gone through. Even worse than benzos.","I highly doubt it, i nearley died from benzos"
334,"I highly doubt it, i nearley died from benzos","I had 3 seizures off xanax, and it took me forever to get off of it.. but suboxone I was on for a couple of years tapered to like 4mg a day then just stopped because my rehab refused to dose me down. The withdrawals lasted weeks for me."
335,Gabapentin and subutex?,"With opiates/Opioids they are a great match. I take Oxy and Pregab all the time with the best synergy of any combo.

Not sure if your naloxone component will throw a spanner in the works. But they certainly doesn’t cancel each other out 👍"
336,"With opiates/Opioids they are a great match. I take Oxy and Pregab all the time with the best synergy of any combo.

Not sure if your naloxone component will throw a spanner in the works. But they certainly doesn’t cancel each other out 👍","Well luckily I have subutex which is just bupe and no naloxone 😁😁😁

 
 


I havent taken gaba in a couple of weeks. Normally when I take it I take 600mg every hour with a fatty snack until I feel good. (Normally about 5-6 hours. And at my last dose I'll take about 4 , 600mg pills instead of 1. This is when I take gaba alone.

Today I took 6, 600mg gaba with  a devil dog. And a few minutes after that I injected 4mg of buprenorphine. 
Also I took .1mg clonidine to help with anxiety I get going into work and 50 hydroxyzine to help with severe itching I get from bupe. I get from other opiates to but for some reason the histamine reaction I get from bupe is insane"
337,Gabapentin and subutex?,Sorry mate I thought Subs had part Naloxone. Sounds like quite the operation lol. Do you recommend Clonidine for anxiety? Never tried it?
338,Sorry mate I thought Subs had part Naloxone. Sounds like quite the operation lol. Do you recommend Clonidine for anxiety? Never tried it?,I mean I've been on it for a few years. I'd rather have klonopin lol. Works a lot better for me but docs wont give it to me
339,Gabapentin and subutex?,"Yeah I hear ya, what is it actually for? We have a real benzo block here i London. Luckily Oxy is still prescribed quite easily 👍"
340,"Yeah I hear ya, what is it actually for? We have a real benzo block here i London. Luckily Oxy is still prescribed quite easily 👍",I'm not on any  benzos wish I was 😔😔😔😔
341,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"Yes. That sounds like me in every aspect. I’m not like a straight up dick to people...but I get really fierce when someone tries to play me or talk down to me.

I’ve always been the most forgiving of anybody in my circle...but I’ve realized that a lot of people don’t give a fuck about you, and only themselves. I’ve also realized that being manipulated is something that is ever so present in the game, that’s why I try to keep a lot of this shit to myself and keep my use anonymous."
342,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"No. I had a 5 year bout of being clean in my early-mid 20s. Including my time on subs ive pretty much been using and selling since middle school. 

Ive always held on to my values of loyalty and honesty. I'm far from perfect and i have done some grimy shit when I was younger, but I don't blame that on drugs even if it was to get drugs.

Personally I don't believe in being able to blame shit on drugs. We all have choices and the responsibility to make them. 

How far your willing to take shit is on you"
343,"No. I had a 5 year bout of being clean in my early-mid 20s. Including my time on subs ive pretty much been using and selling since middle school. 

Ive always held on to my values of loyalty and honesty. I'm far from perfect and i have done some grimy shit when I was younger, but I don't blame that on drugs even if it was to get drugs.

Personally I don't believe in being able to blame shit on drugs. We all have choices and the responsibility to make them. 

How far your willing to take shit is on you","Not saying I’ve abandoned my own values of loyalty, kindness, and honesty, and I never ever do grimy shit- I’m just more aware of other people’s lack thereof...I just no longer take anyone’s bullshit, really"
344,"Not saying I’ve abandoned my own values of loyalty, kindness, and honesty, and I never ever do grimy shit- I’m just more aware of other people’s lack thereof...I just no longer take anyone’s bullshit, really","I didn't mean it towards u but that's what comes to mind when u say animal.  Of course you can't take bull shit in this game. If you get shorted and just say thanks, see ya next time.  You'll always get shorted"
345,"I didn't mean it towards u but that's what comes to mind when u say animal.  Of course you can't take bull shit in this game. If you get shorted and just say thanks, see ya next time.  You'll always get shorted",U riiiiii fam....comes with the territory
346,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"It’s the difference between naivety and street smarts.

Edit: my wife sometimes says I’m paranoid. But she also says I’m the best judge of character and people that she’s ever met. I can see through bullshit from a mile away. Like I can smell it before they even open they mouth."
347,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"No, what it did do is turn me into someone who can deal with any person from any rung in society. Ive cold copped many times and never been ripped off.

A long time ago i used to deal with bs like that. Now i deal with Gus Fring types of proffessionals. Just dont fuck up...and you never get fucked over.

But ive been on this game for 15 years....you either get fucked, do the fucking, or you get smart."
348,"No, what it did do is turn me into someone who can deal with any person from any rung in society. Ive cold copped many times and never been ripped off.

A long time ago i used to deal with bs like that. Now i deal with Gus Fring types of proffessionals. Just dont fuck up...and you never get fucked over.

But ive been on this game for 15 years....you either get fucked, do the fucking, or you get smart.",Couldn't have said it any better myself. Get fucked enough and you will smarten up :p
349,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"Nah i avoid human interaction, get my dope off the DNM, if i get scammed it's just part of the game, try to dispute it and move on.

Dealing with people irl with opis is a great way to get snitched out and catch a charge most of the time,  fucking trust no one."
350,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,Im a fucking animal
351,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,Sounds like how a stint in prison changes you.
352,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,"I agree. I stick up for myself now after addiction, I'm clean now as well."
353,Did the opi game turn you into an animal?,It absolutely changed me for the worse
354,At what point are you breathing to little?,"Idt you can just say “anyone who is breathing to little is automatically overdosed”
Thats just not true lol"
355,"Idt you can just say “anyone who is breathing to little is automatically overdosed”
Thats just not true lol","But isn't there a difference between overdoses? An overdose is simply when you dose a little too much, it can go from breathing a little less to stopping breathing completely. Or am I completely wrong?"
356,"But isn't there a difference between overdoses? An overdose is simply when you dose a little too much, it can go from breathing a little less to stopping breathing completely. Or am I completely wrong?","You’re completely wrong.

Ive used all forms of opiates for comin up on a decade and my girl used to sit up and tweak just listening to me sleep... I would apparently take one GASPING desperate breath every 45 seconds and slept like this multiple nights a week depending on how hard i went...

But every day I woke up rested and felt normal as fuck. Ive never once overdosed in my entire career as a dopefiend.

So yeah - big big difference between depressed breathing and respiratory functions and your entire body shutting down on you lol"
357,At what point are you breathing to little?,"Maybe when you can't spell ""too""? 

Kidding.

 You don't know if you're breathing when you OD, you're in nodland (AKA heaven). Then suddenly you're not and your chest hurts with a tube in your lungs.. Or paramedics asking your name if you're with others."
358,"Maybe when you can't spell ""too""? 

Kidding.

 You don't know if you're breathing when you OD, you're in nodland (AKA heaven). Then suddenly you're not and your chest hurts with a tube in your lungs.. Or paramedics asking your name if you're with others.","Noticed it but can't edit titles :/

So if you're alone you're pretty much dead?"
359,"Noticed it but can't edit titles :/

So if you're alone you're pretty much dead?","Maybe... Ya never know. 

If you recognize your breathing you are alive though. Lol"
360,"Maybe... Ya never know. 

If you recognize your breathing you are alive though. Lol",Yeah but wouldn't want any brain damage lol
361,"Noticed it but can't edit titles :/

So if you're alone you're pretty much dead?","If youre asking because someone else may be you need to check to see if they're coherent and alert. If not try sternum rubs, no respose it's time for emergency help. Call first then administer rescue breathing. 

Pinch nose 30 breathes and 6 compressions where the ribcage turns into soft tissue (right above the stomach). It feels like a diamond I guess is the best way to describe it."
362,Speed anyone?,"Nah its not nearly the same. Spees is like having 150% od energy. You talk super fast, cant really focus on abything cause there are so many thoughts in your head. Its no alternative for oxy. Did you try the onions? The European oxys arenzlt pressed but they definizltly cost more than 4£. But 4£ is a great deal. More than great. Or try some other opioid."
363,Speed anyone?,"No. Speed is almost the exact opposite of an opiate. 

How do you not know this? Did oxy ever make you feel fast?"
364,"No. Speed is almost the exact opposite of an opiate. 

How do you not know this? Did oxy ever make you feel fast?","Oxy is part of thhe Thebaine side of the poppy plant, its known to have a much more stimulating, “energetic” feeling"
365,"Oxy is part of thhe Thebaine side of the poppy plant, its known to have a much more stimulating, “energetic” feeling",More than... Speed?
366,More than... Speed?,Lol no... not more than speed
367,"No. Speed is almost the exact opposite of an opiate. 

How do you not know this? Did oxy ever make you feel fast?",Mate oxy makes me fly. Like hyper space
368,Mate oxy makes me fly. Like hyper space,"Same here, but...  


If you really want to go to hyper space, eat about 0.5 - 1g of dried magic mushrooms an hour or two before your Oxy. Nothing like it."
369,"Same here, but...  


If you really want to go to hyper space, eat about 0.5 - 1g of dried magic mushrooms an hour or two before your Oxy. Nothing like it.","Shit captain. I canee take it, I just don't have the power"
370,Speed anyone?," Depends on where you are located. I'm assuming Brittian (because of the £ British pound symbol used), I'm from the US, but I'll take a shot at it, I assume your referring to amphetamine in one form or another, depending on what is common in your area.  
    Crystal methamphetamine,  it most definitely can give you energy, and lasts for a pretty substantial amount of time!  But I wouldn't compare it to any opioid, oxycodone or otw, it is definitely a different feeling, some get a great deal of euphoria from it, and others (me included in the latter category) not as much, also I strictly I.V. crystal, I hate how insufflation feel in comparison but that's a subjective thing, and oral feels closer to i\n roa imo as well, I enjoy the rush of shooting.. but I also enjoy instant gratification ⚡..lol, but that being said if I take to big a dose, re-dose too soon, I kinda get a opposite effect, not talkative, not energetic, or much euphoria, I get kinda ""stuck"" (I know alot of people who can sit and smash a ton more than me though, so keep in mind this is an opinionated review) but if you are into stims more than opi's, which I prefer to use opioids, or speed & heroin, or speed and Benzodiazepines, this is bcuz I also get a shaky feeling\racing heart-beat that's unpleasant at times, but when I mix w\benzos, or opioids I get the best of both worlds 🌓👍.  If this is what you can find, I'd say start slow , and work yr way up... A  ton of people in my city love it, and as far as I'm concerned the cost to effect ratio is probably one of the strongest\longest lasting drugs for your £👍
     Dextro-amphet, mixed amphet (Adderall), lisdexamfetamine, etc aka ""pharmaceutical speed"" cost more and imo is less price effective, and less euphoric than methamphetamine, but they most definitely give you energy, suppress your appetite, and will keep you awake if you take the right amount.  I will say I know alot of people who like pharma speed more than the other options available to them!  I would rate this last for me, but I think I have ADHD, although not diagnosed, it can have paradoxical effects for some.  As with others start small and tartrate your dosage up only after  giving ur 1st dose plenty of time to get a good idea how u feel.
      Speed paste, I've never tried this particular form, it is amphetamine sulfate I believe, I is amphetamine that has been washed with acetone, and remains slightly ""wet"" and is why the name speed paste, i know a few people who prefer this form bcuz it's said to be less-addictive when compared to other forms, also gives good energy, talkative-ness,  and hunger suppression, and as the name ""speed"" indicates, if you take enough expect not to sleep much if at all.  I have never had this form available to me bcuz of location, crystal meth is so cheap here the demand for other Stims is fairly low, I rate this #2, from what I've heard, read and gathered. And crystal #1 that's based more on price efficiency than fact.
   I hope that helps, I dont suggest mixing drugs, but for me personally I enjoy using opioids during using speed, and benzos to transition the ""comedown"" phase which can be quite depressive feeling, restlessness, etc, so taking a Xanax can most definitely help combat this kind of rough few hrs👌 take care, if you choose to get any of these remember to allow a few hrs in between dosing windows, if you cross the line between a functional dose (smallest dose, increases alertness, talkative, confidence boost etc), recreational dose (middle ground, think of it as the biggest dose b4, more negative side effects start to occur and most positive side effects are easily neutralized), over-dose (just referring to using to large a dose for recreation to still feel ""fun"", not necessarily medically dangerous, but that's y I can't say start small and slowly work ur way up!)... 
    Sorry for the never ending post, wish I would've gotten some advice b4 I first tried crystal, bcuz I did alot more than I should for a rookie, and was very uncomfortable for several hrs b4 I could start to enjoy this substance at all! 😵."
371," Depends on where you are located. I'm assuming Brittian (because of the £ British pound symbol used), I'm from the US, but I'll take a shot at it, I assume your referring to amphetamine in one form or another, depending on what is common in your area.  
    Crystal methamphetamine,  it most definitely can give you energy, and lasts for a pretty substantial amount of time!  But I wouldn't compare it to any opioid, oxycodone or otw, it is definitely a different feeling, some get a great deal of euphoria from it, and others (me included in the latter category) not as much, also I strictly I.V. crystal, I hate how insufflation feel in comparison but that's a subjective thing, and oral feels closer to i\n roa imo as well, I enjoy the rush of shooting.. but I also enjoy instant gratification ⚡..lol, but that being said if I take to big a dose, re-dose too soon, I kinda get a opposite effect, not talkative, not energetic, or much euphoria, I get kinda ""stuck"" (I know alot of people who can sit and smash a ton more than me though, so keep in mind this is an opinionated review) but if you are into stims more than opi's, which I prefer to use opioids, or speed & heroin, or speed and Benzodiazepines, this is bcuz I also get a shaky feeling\racing heart-beat that's unpleasant at times, but when I mix w\benzos, or opioids I get the best of both worlds 🌓👍.  If this is what you can find, I'd say start slow , and work yr way up... A  ton of people in my city love it, and as far as I'm concerned the cost to effect ratio is probably one of the strongest\longest lasting drugs for your £👍
     Dextro-amphet, mixed amphet (Adderall), lisdexamfetamine, etc aka ""pharmaceutical speed"" cost more and imo is less price effective, and less euphoric than methamphetamine, but they most definitely give you energy, suppress your appetite, and will keep you awake if you take the right amount.  I will say I know alot of people who like pharma speed more than the other options available to them!  I would rate this last for me, but I think I have ADHD, although not diagnosed, it can have paradoxical effects for some.  As with others start small and tartrate your dosage up only after  giving ur 1st dose plenty of time to get a good idea how u feel.
      Speed paste, I've never tried this particular form, it is amphetamine sulfate I believe, I is amphetamine that has been washed with acetone, and remains slightly ""wet"" and is why the name speed paste, i know a few people who prefer this form bcuz it's said to be less-addictive when compared to other forms, also gives good energy, talkative-ness,  and hunger suppression, and as the name ""speed"" indicates, if you take enough expect not to sleep much if at all.  I have never had this form available to me bcuz of location, crystal meth is so cheap here the demand for other Stims is fairly low, I rate this #2, from what I've heard, read and gathered. And crystal #1 that's based more on price efficiency than fact.
   I hope that helps, I dont suggest mixing drugs, but for me personally I enjoy using opioids during using speed, and benzos to transition the ""comedown"" phase which can be quite depressive feeling, restlessness, etc, so taking a Xanax can most definitely help combat this kind of rough few hrs👌 take care, if you choose to get any of these remember to allow a few hrs in between dosing windows, if you cross the line between a functional dose (smallest dose, increases alertness, talkative, confidence boost etc), recreational dose (middle ground, think of it as the biggest dose b4, more negative side effects start to occur and most positive side effects are easily neutralized), over-dose (just referring to using to large a dose for recreation to still feel ""fun"", not necessarily medically dangerous, but that's y I can't say start small and slowly work ur way up!)... 
    Sorry for the never ending post, wish I would've gotten some advice b4 I first tried crystal, bcuz I did alot more than I should for a rookie, and was very uncomfortable for several hrs b4 I could start to enjoy this substance at all! 😵.","
...this is so obviously written while under the influence of exactly the topic lol"
372,"
...this is so obviously written while under the influence of exactly the topic lol",Maybe... 🤔
373,Speed anyone?,"I was a oxy addict 300mg daily, u.k aswel"
374,"I was a oxy addict 300mg daily, u.k aswel","Bro, the pain after the heaven right? Did you lose ya link?"
375,"I was a oxy addict 300mg daily, u.k aswel",Feel ya bro
376,Speed anyone?,"Since you're in uk by speed your probably mean amphetamine yeah?

I used a lot of speed when I was younger. Honestly I never found it that recreational, I only used it for energy, concentration, motivation. Plus it was cheap enough to use everyday when I was still in school. It's euphoric, but different to oxy. It's worth a try I guess, but just note that if you rely on speed for energy/concentration regularly, it'll fuck up your sober energy and concentration levels."
377,10mg of endone At work ?,"Mate.... do it sober. You’ll be fine. 

Anxiety before starting a new job is totally normal and you don’t need to medicate to relieve that. Once your in an settled the anxiety will ease and you’ll be fine. 

Save the endone for Friday after work as a reward for doing the right thing. 


Sorry for the life lesson I’m just an old ex junkie idiot and know that what your thinking is not a good idea."
378,10mg of endone At work ?,"Go sober. Once you start that 'I have to' shit your fucked. Be scared, do it scared. Nerves are there to power you. 

Then Friday bang em up your ass and play candy crush and eat sour haribo till you nod out. Lol. 

*don't boof them"
379,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,"Stick to Oxy, why in the world would you want to move on to Fentanyl?"
380,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,"Dude if you take a fent pressed 30 after taking pharm oxy it will more than likely...not end well.

If you have to take it; crush it up, get a match head amount, split that in half, then take that. Wait 20 minutes and see how you feel."
381,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,Smoke it. Seem to be the only somewhat safe way to take it
382,Smoke it. Seem to be the only somewhat safe way to take it,Still had friends OD from smoking fent.
383,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,"I use the presses by the quarter pieces. I can do up to 150-200mg of oxy a day easily. But depending on the batch of presses, then I’ll go through anywhere from a single press to 3 or 4 a day :/"
384,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,"Hey guys, just wanted to update you all. The pills came today and I flushed them all down the toilet. I took all of your responses to heart."
385,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,No dude you could die. Pls smoke or snort an extremely small amount.
386,No dude you could die. Pls smoke or snort an extremely small amount.,Fentanyl has a super high bioavailability intranasally. I wouldn't recommend OP snort it.
387,Is it safe to orally take fent pressed pills?,Fuck. That's a conundrum. I wouldn't have the balls. If you have to just take small amounts. I'd say orally but the other guy seems to think smoking it would be best. I'm a binman not a doctor.
388,Question about rehab - does this really matter?,I wouldn't worry too much. Here in the US I can tell you that all of the treatment places ive been usually use one main medication to taper you off opiates whether it be oxys or dope you were using. This is usually some sort of suboxen or methadone. They usually add additional meds to help with anxiety and stuff. I have gone through the same exact treatment when I initially had a pill problem and when I became full blown IV dope user. What changed was the starting dosage of whichever tapering drug (methadone or subs) the facility would be using. Typically when you start the treatment process you will be dosed accordingly until your discomfort fades away. All you need to do is be vocal about how your withdraw symptoms are.. It really dosent matter pills or heroin. Best of luck.
389,Question about rehab - does this really matter?,"Oxycodone does not show up under opiates, and heroin would test positive for opiates, they won't do just a standard 5 panel.. urine analysis kits have been around for so long, it's easy for any institution to choose a urine test that tells them what they need to know, or possibly test your blood, but they don't cater it to you that specifically, as stated above, u will get either Methadone, max they can give you is 30mg to start out, probably be more realistically 20/25mg, or Suboxone (Buprenorphine, and Nalaxone) 8mg\2mg, 
      If you are worried about them telling anyone else about your drug use, don't HIPPA protects your right to Privacy, unless you are considered a threat to yourself, or another person, in that case they are obligated t to say something. 
   The main reason they will drug test you is to make sure you in fact test positive for one opioid substance or another, since Methadone, and Buprenorphine are both powerful medications, they don't want to take the liability of giving a non opioid tolerant person a dose of either as it could be potentially very dangerous and even life threatening! 
   I've been in both programs several x and am very familiar with the process that take place in either the methadone clinic, and at a Suboxone Dr... Sounds like in your case you are more than likely going to b given Suboxone... Ns if you have any experience with it, but it's a lil strip, or a tablet you place under your tongue and let fully dissolve, I personally hate Suboxone, but there are others who swear by it, that said, they both do work to alleviate all w\d symptoms by 2nd day several hrs after 2nd dose.
    They will also in either case make sure you are in active withdraw b4 they give you either med as well, it's easy enough to fake this part if you had to, just look up all the symptoms of opioid use disorder ""post acute withdraw symptoms"" or PAWS, and memorize... A Dr will ask u a series of questions, the goal is to basically say you are currently experiencing as many symptoms on that list as possible 👍 how that helps you understand what is likely going to happen going forward in either case, good luck!"
390,Question about rehab - does this really matter?,Tell them about the dope because if you don’t get any comfort meds it’s gonna be extremely hard to stop.
391,Tell them about the dope because if you don’t get any comfort meds it’s gonna be extremely hard to stop.,"What ""comfort meds"" are you thinking they will give besides methadone or buprenorphine, definitely no Benzo as these programs are getting extremely strict as far as putting anyone on Either Bupe and benzos, or m\done and benzos, they might give you an otc non-stimulant stool softener, Buspirone for anxiety, Seroquel for help sleeping and really I don't see much of any other comfort meds being used that isn't otc garbage, or shit meds rx'd to you basically no one in the program will want to take.  Unless you can think of any other meds, that would be beneficial for someone suffering from opioid wd?  In jail when you get booked in you can tell them you have u 7gram\daily habit, and they will give you hydroxyzine, and stool softener, and Tylenol, my point being by law that is all they are required to do in order to help you treat the symptoms.  Fuckin shitty I know, but they definitely will not give you any scheduled substance in conjunction w\ either medication assisted treatment center I've been to, and I've been to several in each category, they just cycle the addicts through like cows at a slaughter-house 👨=🐮=🍔"
392,"What ""comfort meds"" are you thinking they will give besides methadone or buprenorphine, definitely no Benzo as these programs are getting extremely strict as far as putting anyone on Either Bupe and benzos, or m\done and benzos, they might give you an otc non-stimulant stool softener, Buspirone for anxiety, Seroquel for help sleeping and really I don't see much of any other comfort meds being used that isn't otc garbage, or shit meds rx'd to you basically no one in the program will want to take.  Unless you can think of any other meds, that would be beneficial for someone suffering from opioid wd?  In jail when you get booked in you can tell them you have u 7gram\daily habit, and they will give you hydroxyzine, and stool softener, and Tylenol, my point being by law that is all they are required to do in order to help you treat the symptoms.  Fuckin shitty I know, but they definitely will not give you any scheduled substance in conjunction w\ either medication assisted treatment center I've been to, and I've been to several in each category, they just cycle the addicts through like cows at a slaughter-house 👨=🐮=🍔","  Unfortunately they have kind of a ""one-size fits all"" approach, which considering there guidelines they have to follow, is not too suprising, they are only allowed to give certain meds for certain symptoms, and non related to opi wd symptoms they are under no obligation to treat, and aren't willing to risk liability in these situations either way!!"
393,Oxycodone with 325 mg of Tylenol?,Lol what’s your question? If you got sick the dose was to high for you. Not of APAP but of oxy.
394,Oxycodone with 325 mg of Tylenol?,I'm asking why I didn't feel anything
395,I'm asking why I didn't feel anything,"Because you don’t know what you’re looking for.  Opiates aren’t a “party drug,” they provide a very subtle warmth and euphoria, moreso with higher doses, until you “nod off”.  It’s only gonna give you relief if you seek it.  It’s very specific."
396,Oxycodone with 325 mg of Tylenol?,"You might have thrown up the oxy that was left. When you do that, it's basically a buzz kill and your body isn't absorbing anymore of the drug. In a nutshell."
397,Any interactions with oxycodone and cigarette(nicotine)?,No
398,Any interactions with oxycodone and cigarette(nicotine)?,Just buzz
399,Any interactions with oxycodone and cigarette(nicotine)?,Lol no wtf
400,Lol no wtf,"Why the ""wtf""?   
I has been shown that cigarette smoking can decrease certain substances in regards of potency(see benzodiazepines).  
As I am no chemist or neurobiologist, I figured it doesn't hurt to ask around a bit."
401,Any interactions with oxycodone and cigarette(nicotine)?,I don't believe so but I do smoke more after taking pills than I do when I'm out of them.
402,Benzo with opiates ?,No !! I would 100% take the benzo after shooting up.  Used to take Xanax and the. Shoot up and I’ve OD’d. The Xanax causes to much respiratory depression to handle shooting H and it will put you out. Do the H first then slowly take Xanax till your at your peace. I did Xanax and blacked out and shot up and pretty much died I didn’t wake up for the whole day I was breathing like 6 breaths a min still fucked up on the Xanax even after Narcan
403,No !! I would 100% take the benzo after shooting up.  Used to take Xanax and the. Shoot up and I’ve OD’d. The Xanax causes to much respiratory depression to handle shooting H and it will put you out. Do the H first then slowly take Xanax till your at your peace. I did Xanax and blacked out and shot up and pretty much died I didn’t wake up for the whole day I was breathing like 6 breaths a min still fucked up on the Xanax even after Narcan,who says hes banging it? and theres really no safe way to do this. just dont take big doses of either
404,who says hes banging it? and theres really no safe way to do this. just dont take big doses of either,Either or banging or sniffing it smoking it either way I still think it’s very dangerous to do benzos first. They are the secret killer in my opinion that’s all
405,Either or banging or sniffing it smoking it either way I still think it’s very dangerous to do benzos first. They are the secret killer in my opinion that’s all,the only way it would be safer is if he waited for the dope high to diminish and then take the benzo...otherwise our methods are equally dangerous. he just needs to make sure he doesnt over do it
406,the only way it would be safer is if he waited for the dope high to diminish and then take the benzo...otherwise our methods are equally dangerous. he just needs to make sure he doesnt over do it,Yes I agree.
407,Benzo with opiates ?,"Definitely first, so you can adjust how much dope you need when you fully come up"
408,Benzo with opiates ?,"Raving mate. Get a sitter for fuck sake. 

Not judging. More jelly if anything. But you crazy."
409,Benzo with opiates ?,"i would take the benzo first, wait till it peaks, then take some hits"
410,When you smoke on opiates do you try to get high as fuck or do you just want a light weed buzz?,I HATE nodding. I like getting that good buzz where I’m still able to go out and do shit. I just have a better time and am more delightful to be around when I’m out and about
411,I HATE nodding. I like getting that good buzz where I’m still able to go out and do shit. I just have a better time and am more delightful to be around when I’m out and about,"I know exactly what you’re saying. Nodding is basically fighting sleep. I’m with you, would rather have a good head buzz full of energy."
412,When you smoke on opiates do you try to get high as fuck or do you just want a light weed buzz?,"I say light...maybe 5-6 hits of gas and I’m good. Too much weed gets me a tad tired, changes the buzz no doubt either way."
413,"I say light...maybe 5-6 hits of gas and I’m good. Too much weed gets me a tad tired, changes the buzz no doubt either way.",damn I've smoked every night for the past few years and anything more than 1 hit is still too much for me lol especially on opiates it justs overpowers the buzz. Nice quality weed tho
414,Opiates Causing SEVERE Dry Eyes. Halp?,"It sounds like they’re exacerbating an existing medical condition, as this level of severe dry eye is atypical.

Which opioid and dosage, out of curiosity?

I’d see a doctor and try some of the prescription options for dry-eye (eye drops.) There are some highly effective options out there, it may just be trial and error until you find the best one for your situation."
415,"It sounds like they’re exacerbating an existing medical condition, as this level of severe dry eye is atypical.

Which opioid and dosage, out of curiosity?

I’d see a doctor and try some of the prescription options for dry-eye (eye drops.) There are some highly effective options out there, it may just be trial and error until you find the best one for your situation.","Hey, thanks!  Sounds like a good plan.  I'm taking 30mg codeine tabs... 8 of those in separate doses throughout the day.  So 240mg daily I guess?  

I once had a Rx for Restasis but they opted to skip that & go straight for the tear duct plugs, lol.  So I guess that's an option I haven't tried."
416,Best method to bypass oxycontin extended release?,My mate dissolves hers in coke  and drinks it
417,My mate dissolves hers in coke  and drinks it,Does this take a long period of time to dissolve?
418,Does this take a long period of time to dissolve?,Na don't think so use sizzors to cut it up in to lil pieces if it's the type that gel
419,Na don't think so use sizzors to cut it up in to lil pieces if it's the type that gel,Yeah it seems to be that type. How long should I wait before drinking?
420,Yeah it seems to be that type. How long should I wait before drinking?,~ 12 hours
421,Best method to bypass oxycontin extended release?,Till is totally dissolved
422,Till is totally dissolved,Okay thank you for your help
423,Okay thank you for your help,No worries brah
424,Best method to bypass oxycontin extended release?,Shouldn't that long if you get it nice and small
425,Where could it have gone?,"The strips can be removed by cutting a slit in the foil package. If done right the slit is unnoticeable.

Back in my early days i had done that with some of my strips then when i was desperate and sick as fuck i sold a few to this guy i knew.  I did make it right on the next script but you gotta actually feel if theres a strip ib there to be safe"
426,"The strips can be removed by cutting a slit in the foil package. If done right the slit is unnoticeable.

Back in my early days i had done that with some of my strips then when i was desperate and sick as fuck i sold a few to this guy i knew.  I did make it right on the next script but you gotta actually feel if theres a strip ib there to be safe",Oh gotcha. I did inspect it very thoroughly and couldn’t not find any evidence of tampering. You think it’s just that unnoticeable?
427,Where could it have gone?,How would he get into the safe?
428,How would he get into the safe?,Shit! Ask my wife! She will do a whole fucking YouTube series on how to get into any safe and steal all your shit....
429,How would he get into the safe?,He could have known my code. It’s the weight I wrestled my Sr. year of high school and he knows I’ve incorporated that into my PIN number for my debit card. How tf else would it disappear? Unless the person who sold it to me ripped me off.. but she’s a close family friend I’ve known for years! She would never do that! Him stealing it tho? I know that’s something he’s more than capable of doing.
430,He could have known my code. It’s the weight I wrestled my Sr. year of high school and he knows I’ve incorporated that into my PIN number for my debit card. How tf else would it disappear? Unless the person who sold it to me ripped me off.. but she’s a close family friend I’ve known for years! She would never do that! Him stealing it tho? I know that’s something he’s more than capable of doing.,Sounds like your boy got you. Ask him straight up . That’s fucked up if you e been saving them for that long and he knew it
431,Sounds like your boy got you. Ask him straight up . That’s fucked up if you e been saving them for that long and he knew it,"The thing is, he’s one of the biggest, if not the biggest liars I have ever met! Literally every day it’s a new lie about what he’s doing. He’s literally let me withdraw for two days before saying that he was sick too and didn’t have any more. I later found out he had PLENTY but didn’t want to chance running out before re-up. He’s been lying to me about the price of them too. So I’ve basically been paying for both his stash and mine, and his is twice the size! Haha. But he will deny deny deny even if I were to show him a damn video of it. He would try and come up with some bogus answer haha."
432,Where could it have gone?,"Your boy definitely took it. If you cut it open then it wouldn't matter if it was already opened previously, it would still only open where you cut it at if it was either glued or melted back together, as long as he did a decent job of gluing or melting it"
433,"Who uses “make-up” to hide track marks, scabs?",Naw always just used long sleeves or hoodies
434,"Who uses “make-up” to hide track marks, scabs?","No I don't get track marks (if I do get marks, their really small and gone in 24 hrs). Always used new needles and 31g ones."
435,"Who uses “make-up” to hide track marks, scabs?","I used to shoot on the tops of my hands. I was really paranoid about being sanitary, so afterwards I would run warm water over my hands and use antibacterial sterile soap. Then I would apply some concealer, setting powder, and setting spray. I was always afraid it would cause an infection though"
436,"Who uses “make-up” to hide track marks, scabs?",Get some tats.. easy fix for good
437,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,Not until you do your homework young boy
438,Not until you do your homework young boy,You beat me to it. This is why I can't come here anymore. It's too fucking sad seeing obviously young and inexperienced people take this path. Depresses the fuck out of me.
439,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,they both slow down ur breathing just don’t overdue it and u will be fine
440,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,"How much of what drug have you done, how long ago and what’s your tolerance like?"
441,"How much of what drug have you done, how long ago and what’s your tolerance like?","I've been on and off suboxone for about 2 months now. I'd take about 8mg a day, quit for about 3 days, now back on it, for the past 2 days. I'd say currently I'm on about 8mg of suboxone, give or take a mg"
442,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,"Yeah really depends how much opiates and what kind yer on. I’d have one beer, see how you are, then slowly sip on the second if you still aren’t where you’d like to be. Definitely not safe to mix booze and opiates, but a beer or two is probably fine"
443,"Yeah really depends how much opiates and what kind yer on. I’d have one beer, see how you are, then slowly sip on the second if you still aren’t where you’d like to be. Definitely not safe to mix booze and opiates, but a beer or two is probably fine","I'm on suboxone, kinda have a low-medium tolerance at this point. I'm on like 8mg currently. Still safe? 0_o"
444,"I'm on suboxone, kinda have a low-medium tolerance at this point. I'm on like 8mg currently. Still safe? 0_o","Yeah I don’t have any experience mixing subs and beer myself, hopefully someone else could chime in on that. I’d say start with one beer slowly and see how that goes!"
445,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,Sub isn't an opiate... And I have tried drinking on tabs before and all it did was make me sick. I never felt the beer I was drinking.
446,Sub isn't an opiate... And I have tried drinking on tabs before and all it did was make me sick. I never felt the beer I was drinking.,"Hmmm, it is an opioid and CNS depressant, so for the purpose of this question I didn't feel the need to distinguish the two. Any answer can be applicable to both imo. But it doesnt make me sick but yah, cant really feel much of the beer /:"
447,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,"I was on 16mg of subs for 3 years and used to just drink how I would if I wasn't on them and I was fine, you enjoy them beers buddy!"
448,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,"Trading an alcohol addiction for an opiate/opioid one isn't really less toxic buddy, but you should be fine to have a couple beers a night on subs, idk that it'll really do anything for you though bc idk if alcohol potentiates subs too or if it's strictly actual opiates"
449,Can I have a beer or 2 on opiates?,I do all the time...but I’m only doing legally prescribed low doses of hydrocodone.  Not saying it’s safe but I’ve always been fine.
450,Who uses “make-up” to hide scabs and track marks?,Just a thought... But they make that special cover up for tattoos. Although I havent had the opportunity to test it out I would be it would cover up track marks well.
451,Who uses “make-up” to hide scabs and track marks?,"Hey! A good option if you’re really committed to hiding the track marks is to first apply a green color corrector. That will neutralize the dark marks. You can apply it with your fingers and kind of buff, or blend, it in. Then go over that with concealer that matches your skin tone. Again you can use your fingers for that. If you really want it to last you can buy powder to set it with."
452,Who uses “make-up” to hide scabs and track marks?,"I never IV’d, but learning how to do my own makeup years ago has been awesome in general (as a dude.) Everything from under-eye circles to scars are gone if I want. Great for looking fresh on little to no sleep."
453,Who uses “make-up” to hide scabs and track marks?,"How confident are you? I'm a girl and I have a hard time finding the right color foundation because I have freckles, but I went into an Ulta store (sephora or the like would work) and they have samples of the concealers out so you can try them and find the right shade. Makeup is too expensive to be wasting money on the wrong color!"
454,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,Yes I used too everyday
455,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,I think its fine. But idk honestly
456,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,"A couple things to consider—

Buprenorphine is metabolized by the liver, so your liver health and overall drinking history and habits are worth considering.

The main concern with buprenorphine and alcohol is respiratory depression, where tolerance and dosing and bupe’s long half-life come into play, along with other factors (especially any other meds or supplements that could contribute.)

The biggest issue I see is....Natty Ice? You may want to see a professional on that one ;)

Edit — in another thread you said you’re almost nodding? If your tolerance is that low to bupe at the moment, I would not push it with alcohol. Being on subs long-term versus recreationally makes a big difference with respiratory depression."
457,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,Ye it safe buddy
458,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,Wait since when can’t you drink on suboxone. I literally always did
459,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,I've been doing much worse for a loonnnngggg time and I'm still here. I'm very active and work out 3-5 times a week. No noticeable difference in performance.
460,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,"In my experience, the sub will block the alcohol a little bit"
461,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?,You can do it!
462,Is it safe to chug a beer or two on suboxone?," I have been on suboxone 16mg for two and a half years and I never got a buzz from alcohol. I do feel a hangover in the morning, though."
463,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,"I always would vape my fent when it was just fent.  A speck the size of a grain of sand into a meth pipe and ur good for a few hrs.  
     But I think I preferred dope 9/10 times.  The fent was for a quick hit before going out somewhere I had to be sober. 
   Now I think I don’t even get dope.  99% sure it’s fentadope, containing just fent and cut.  I’ve been wondering if it’d vape the same way, but haven’t got around to trying yet.  
     I even have a vape pen attachment for extract (dabs) which looks like a dome, enclosing a ceramic coil  .... was thinking if the temp is right, it might be the cats tits !!!  
    I’m sure somebody has tried this, and if so, what was the results??"
464,"I always would vape my fent when it was just fent.  A speck the size of a grain of sand into a meth pipe and ur good for a few hrs.  
     But I think I preferred dope 9/10 times.  The fent was for a quick hit before going out somewhere I had to be sober. 
   Now I think I don’t even get dope.  99% sure it’s fentadope, containing just fent and cut.  I’ve been wondering if it’d vape the same way, but haven’t got around to trying yet.  
     I even have a vape pen attachment for extract (dabs) which looks like a dome, enclosing a ceramic coil  .... was thinking if the temp is right, it might be the cats tits !!!  
    I’m sure somebody has tried this, and if so, what was the results??","People have indeed tried that, I’ve heard great things. Just test it out!"
465,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,I remember from my rehab that they said smoking shit hits your brain faster than iv
466,I remember from my rehab that they said smoking shit hits your brain faster than iv,"Makes sense, and certainly feels that way."
467,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,"Even when I got pretty good fent dope running it on fool never seemed to work. Even the good shit was too cut, tasted like total shit. I mean theoretically it should have worked but the cut was just too rough to handle even smoking a tenth of"
468,"Even when I got pretty good fent dope running it on fool never seemed to work. Even the good shit was too cut, tasted like total shit. I mean theoretically it should have worked but the cut was just too rough to handle even smoking a tenth of",Yeah I’m talking about pure fent.
469,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,"I love smoking always, my favorite high"
470,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,"I agree smoking the fent 30s here and it seems to hit the hardest off the fizz.  Question tho, what’s your guys’ experience with taking suboxone for fent? Any adverse effects experienced?  I’m only asking bc any other opiate i take I just wait 12 hours to take the sub but I hear these fettys make it so you have to wait days to induce sub?  Any thoughts?"
471,"I agree smoking the fent 30s here and it seems to hit the hardest off the fizz.  Question tho, what’s your guys’ experience with taking suboxone for fent? Any adverse effects experienced?  I’m only asking bc any other opiate i take I just wait 12 hours to take the sub but I hear these fettys make it so you have to wait days to induce sub?  Any thoughts?",I think pure fentanyl is easier to switch over with. It’s fentdope and those 30s that have weird analogs which last longer and make switching absolute hell.
472,Who here prefers vaping their fent over IVing it?,"Last time I tried switching to subs after 18 hrs, I put myself in horrible PW for 24 hrs before I felt normal enough to try another piece Of sub. 1mg.   
     Felt better this time and I kept the dose low.   But the cravings were totally unmanageable.   Like , couldn’t think of anything else.   So I relapsed again and am back where I started.  
    Gonna try to switch to another full mu agonist, then back to subs.  Idk what to do tho bc I cAnt find any"
473,Does anyone experience permanent side effects after quitting from long term use?,"They can last a good while. How you got sufent from sn ankle is bizzarre unless you have bone cancer tho shit. My dads back is all fucked and he has 7 kidney stones and they eont give him shit. I broke my femur knee hip and got roxis but that was years ago. And at first it was vike 5s. I dident walk for a year. And i get kidney stones too.

But ive been mosly off for a yearb 95% cause its dry im draling with mental cravings snd troubled sleep stilln not nearly as bad as last oct nov tho. Those were tough months. 5 years of eating drinking opium en mass everyday for 5 years . it gets better. Its not easy but once your making progress or keep track of $ saved it gives you a shove to keep going. If shit was available and i dident move 1000 miles away i dont know if mentally i would have lasted. Dont let this sound negative though. I thought id never get off tea.litterally dident think it possible. Know i eat a ounce of kratom a day for pain and am on benzos. Both help immensely but ive stopped both for weeks though never in tandem. And benzos only when i had pills. Dont just go pick up. A mean benzo habbit. Tougher than smack. You got it, you just really need to want it. Its never just gonna be easier and its tough as fuck. So your mentality will be crucial. Find the things you want, know the reasons your stopping and plow through it brother. Eventually its less and less a problem. No real lingering damage. Vikes dont work any more in my case. Shit kratom works on my pain. Better than vikes but i dont feel high. Maybe thats good though.

Good luck"
474,"They can last a good while. How you got sufent from sn ankle is bizzarre unless you have bone cancer tho shit. My dads back is all fucked and he has 7 kidney stones and they eont give him shit. I broke my femur knee hip and got roxis but that was years ago. And at first it was vike 5s. I dident walk for a year. And i get kidney stones too.

But ive been mosly off for a yearb 95% cause its dry im draling with mental cravings snd troubled sleep stilln not nearly as bad as last oct nov tho. Those were tough months. 5 years of eating drinking opium en mass everyday for 5 years . it gets better. Its not easy but once your making progress or keep track of $ saved it gives you a shove to keep going. If shit was available and i dident move 1000 miles away i dont know if mentally i would have lasted. Dont let this sound negative though. I thought id never get off tea.litterally dident think it possible. Know i eat a ounce of kratom a day for pain and am on benzos. Both help immensely but ive stopped both for weeks though never in tandem. And benzos only when i had pills. Dont just go pick up. A mean benzo habbit. Tougher than smack. You got it, you just really need to want it. Its never just gonna be easier and its tough as fuck. So your mentality will be crucial. Find the things you want, know the reasons your stopping and plow through it brother. Eventually its less and less a problem. No real lingering damage. Vikes dont work any more in my case. Shit kratom works on my pain. Better than vikes but i dont feel high. Maybe thats good though.

Good luck",">am on Benzos 

Fuck yeah you are lol"
475,Does anyone experience permanent side effects after quitting from long term use?,"The hunger dont ever leave..you gotta think 7 years changes the makeup of your brain..it will never be the same as it was before..

Benzos even worse..I pretty much have some of the withdrawal symptoms from those for the rest of my life.  Went a year without taking anything and still felt the mental aspect of both ..benzos more heavily but.  

Physical symptoms are dependent on metabolism and a bunch of other shit.. it's been so long since I went through full wd too it's hard to remember."
476,Does anyone experience permanent side effects after quitting from long term use?,"What are the symptoms? In my experience they all go a way with time, but I’m talking about standard WD stuff."
477,Does anyone experience permanent side effects after quitting from long term use?,If you have depression then being sober will always leave you depressed. I'm 3 months clean (ish) the adhedonisa don't leave.
478,8/2mg Brand Name Suboxone vs. 8mg Generic Subutex: They Aren't the Same Dosage?,"Generally same mg if subutex is peachy/pink football. 8mg. Both equally ass effective ingested, snorted, or sublinqual."
479,"Generally same mg if subutex is peachy/pink football. 8mg. Both equally ass effective ingested, snorted, or sublinqual.","I'm not disagreeing they're essentially equally effective, as it's well known that \~8mg of bupe, particularly when taken daily, activates nearly all available MORs. I'm simply wondering if I'm reading this wrong. It appears that it really does include 8% more bupe than the brand name strips. The subutex tablets I have access to are white and perfectly round."
480,8/2mg Brand Name Suboxone vs. 8mg Generic Subutex: They Aren't the Same Dosage?,"ilucki think generics need to be within 20% of name brand to get an fda approval so they may just throw the extra 8% in to make sure they are on par. Not everyone will have that spot on .64mg but the amt of bupe to filler ratio before mixed will weigh out to that. 

Good luck. I got some tablets just 6 when i was getting off and i ddent like them but it prob had to do with not waiting long enough and putfing myself in precipitated wd. If your just switching id guess its all the same, no different than EVERYONE has a brand of 30s they love and a brand they hate. I think id be happy with a few rp's cause tolerance is pretty well gone"
481,"ilucki think generics need to be within 20% of name brand to get an fda approval so they may just throw the extra 8% in to make sure they are on par. Not everyone will have that spot on .64mg but the amt of bupe to filler ratio before mixed will weigh out to that. 

Good luck. I got some tablets just 6 when i was getting off and i ddent like them but it prob had to do with not waiting long enough and putfing myself in precipitated wd. If your just switching id guess its all the same, no different than EVERYONE has a brand of 30s they love and a brand they hate. I think id be happy with a few rp's cause tolerance is pretty well gone","No, that's not correct. They need to be +/- \~2-2.5% of the active ingredient of the major brand. They can be +/- 10% of the peak plasma level achieved by the name brand. So in theory, two generics could differ by as much as 20% in terms of peak plasma level, but can only differ by a maximum of \~4-5% in terms of active ingredient. The reason why one contains 8.64mg bupe hcl is because it's equal to 8mg bupe base. However, name brand suboxone strips appear to contain 8mg bupe hcl, not 8mg bupe base."
482,8/2mg Brand Name Suboxone vs. 8mg Generic Subutex: They Aren't the Same Dosage?,"I believe it’s about bioavailability cause bunavail offers a 6.2/1.4 or something that’s supposed to equal to suboxone 12/3 . I’ve had 1 RX of bunavail and it’s buccal not sublingual, and I believe it. When used as recommended it worked better, unfortunately my insurance wouldn’t keep paying so back to subs . Oh well I am happy to have the RX."
483,"I believe it’s about bioavailability cause bunavail offers a 6.2/1.4 or something that’s supposed to equal to suboxone 12/3 . I’ve had 1 RX of bunavail and it’s buccal not sublingual, and I believe it. When used as recommended it worked better, unfortunately my insurance wouldn’t keep paying so back to subs . Oh well I am happy to have the RX.","I've purchased zubsolv before, which is dosed in lower quantities for a similar reason as bunavail. I don't seem to absorb sublingual/buccal drugs very well (too much saliva due to dental work), so I just snort my suboxone/subutex in a tiny 0.4ml solution that has baking soda added to make it pH 6.5-7.5. Since I filter out the pill binders, the bioavailability is pretty much \~50% +/- 5% no matter what form I use. That's why I asked, because 8% more for the same price with insurance seems like a no brainer.

That doesn't appear to be why generic subutex contains 8% more though."
484,"I've purchased zubsolv before, which is dosed in lower quantities for a similar reason as bunavail. I don't seem to absorb sublingual/buccal drugs very well (too much saliva due to dental work), so I just snort my suboxone/subutex in a tiny 0.4ml solution that has baking soda added to make it pH 6.5-7.5. Since I filter out the pill binders, the bioavailability is pretty much \~50% +/- 5% no matter what form I use. That's why I asked, because 8% more for the same price with insurance seems like a no brainer.

That doesn't appear to be why generic subutex contains 8% more though.","Maybe I’m missing something here, but aren’t we just talking about the difference between 8mg base vs. 8.64mg hcl? Isn’t it just equivalence, with the technically higher weight of the hcl salt?

Also fwiw, most differences with bupe seem like brand preferences. I have Suboxone tablets and strips, generic strips, subutex and Zubsolv and in equal doses I cannot tell any difference.

 I take a rather low dose so small changes are really noticeable, and it makes me think that any consequential difference is due to individual absorption issues or issues in using each type correctly (as best practices do vary some.)"
485,"Maybe I’m missing something here, but aren’t we just talking about the difference between 8mg base vs. 8.64mg hcl? Isn’t it just equivalence, with the technically higher weight of the hcl salt?

Also fwiw, most differences with bupe seem like brand preferences. I have Suboxone tablets and strips, generic strips, subutex and Zubsolv and in equal doses I cannot tell any difference.

 I take a rather low dose so small changes are really noticeable, and it makes me think that any consequential difference is due to individual absorption issues or issues in using each type correctly (as best practices do vary some.)","Yes, it would be the same if one contained 8.64mg bupe hcl and the other 8mg base. However, one contains 8.64mg bupe hcl and the other contains 8mg bupe hcl."
486,"Yes, it would be the same if one contained 8.64mg bupe hcl and the other 8mg base. However, one contains 8.64mg bupe hcl and the other contains 8mg bupe hcl.","Ahh, my mistake. Thank you. I hate browsing on my phone, it’s all I can do most of the time anymore.

The drug insert/monograph says that the 8mg/2mg on Suboxone is hcl but labeled in terms of free base/USP. So they actually contain 8.64mg buprenorphine hcl and 2.44mg naloxone hcl."
487,"Ahh, my mistake. Thank you. I hate browsing on my phone, it’s all I can do most of the time anymore.

The drug insert/monograph says that the 8mg/2mg on Suboxone is hcl but labeled in terms of free base/USP. So they actually contain 8.64mg buprenorphine hcl and 2.44mg naloxone hcl.",Really? Interesting! Would you happen to have a link for that? That's exactly what I was trying to figure out. The foil I looked at samiply said 8mg bupe hcl.
488,Really? Interesting! Would you happen to have a link for that? That's exactly what I was trying to figure out. The foil I looked at samiply said 8mg bupe hcl.,"Sure, [here](https://www.suboxone.com/pdfs/prescribing-information.pdf)

Should have included that before, lol. It’s over 30 pages long, but search for 8.64 and there is a tiny little line buried in there regarding how they express it."
489,"I've purchased zubsolv before, which is dosed in lower quantities for a similar reason as bunavail. I don't seem to absorb sublingual/buccal drugs very well (too much saliva due to dental work), so I just snort my suboxone/subutex in a tiny 0.4ml solution that has baking soda added to make it pH 6.5-7.5. Since I filter out the pill binders, the bioavailability is pretty much \~50% +/- 5% no matter what form I use. That's why I asked, because 8% more for the same price with insurance seems like a no brainer.

That doesn't appear to be why generic subutex contains 8% more though.",Zubsolv has bigger sizes out now.  They have a 12mg equivalent and i think even a 1mg and possibly a 16mg equivalent. Obviously they are in their weird dose sizes like the original ones are so maybe its the 12mg equivalent zubsolv that would be like ~9mg
490,Panic attacks?,"Hey dude, this could possibly a reaction to anything that your dope is cut with. Maybe some Strange new/old fent analogue or smth else. it could be literally everything.

 If you dont send your dope to any testing company then you never will know. It is also highly possible that with a new batch the panic attacks will be gone. Or in the worst case scenario cause no one says a thing your dboy uses more of the cut that is causing this and it gets worse. 

If I were you, I would talk about it with your dboy. Just be nice and friendly and tell him whats happening with you and your body. Give him a feedback. Otherwise he wont will know about that issue. I know that many customers are afraid to tell their dboy that their dope is shit but if you dont do it he wont will know it and wont do shit about it. 

Maybe he already gets his dope cut Like this. Then he has to make the same conversation with his dealer like you need to do with him. 

So the best advice is to a) send it in and get it checked (IDK about the USA but in my country its a free service or b) talk to your dealer which may be uncomfortablw but at least you will know two things ftom talking with him. 1) If he cares about his quality and 2) if he cares about his customers. I wish you the best of luck and if you want to know my opinion the best choice would be to talk to him."
491,Panic attacks?,"Heard a few people been saying this about BTH & ECP both .

Did you have pins&needles bad before the panic attacks ?? Because usually that happens to me with that type of dope, idk why though.."
492,Panic attacks?,"3.5 grams of heroin for 60 dollars is suspiciously cheap. Could be cut with speed or something,"
493,"3.5 grams of heroin for 60 dollars is suspiciously cheap. Could be cut with speed or something,","No no I meant like 350mg, not 3.5 grams sorry my mistake."
494,"3.5 grams of heroin for 60 dollars is suspiciously cheap. Could be cut with speed or something,","I edited it to fix it, I put the decimal in the wrong place sorry homie"
495,Panic attacks?,The only thing I can think of is that the quality is poor. It might be some minor withdrawals because the dose isn’t the same as what you usually take.
496,The only thing I can think of is that the quality is poor. It might be some minor withdrawals because the dose isn’t the same as what you usually take.,"oh man I never knew poor quality heroin could give you panic attacks, that’s awful.

See I figured it may be the dosage, but like I’m scared to try and do like double or more just in case it makes the anxiety worse you know?  It already sucks with the small dosages I do lol"
497,"oh man I never knew poor quality heroin could give you panic attacks, that’s awful.

See I figured it may be the dosage, but like I’m scared to try and do like double or more just in case it makes the anxiety worse you know?  It already sucks with the small dosages I do lol",I could be completely wrong. Heroin should take your anxiety away but if you’re getting anxious the only thing I can think of is that your body is used to getting a larger dose of the drug. But again I could be completely wrong so don’t take what I said as fact it’s just my 2 cents.
498,I could be completely wrong. Heroin should take your anxiety away but if you’re getting anxious the only thing I can think of is that your body is used to getting a larger dose of the drug. But again I could be completely wrong so don’t take what I said as fact it’s just my 2 cents.,"Well, you’re completely right about it taking anxiety away because it normally does 100%, but lately it’s made me anxious which is why I’m kinda freaked. I do appreciate your 2 cents though, thank you for at least reading my post, replying and trying to help me :)"
499,What happened?,[deleted]
500,[deleted],Yeah I'm surprised my phone screen isn't cracked yet
501,What happened?,Never had this on opiates.  But benzos  are another story. You never used benzos?
502,Never had this on opiates.  But benzos  are another story. You never used benzos?,"I was gonna say, this is pretty common with benzos especially high doses. Sometimes I even start speaking like this.."
503,Never had this on opiates.  But benzos  are another story. You never used benzos?,"I'm used to benzos that's why I'm so confused, it's my first time on heroin though"
504,What happened?,This happens to me all the time when nodding out while on my phone.
505,What happened?,"Lol,  You commented on something else that I saw. That was exactly like that and I was wondering what was going on with you. Glad you're OK"
506,"Lol,  You commented on something else that I saw. That was exactly like that and I was wondering what was going on with you. Glad you're OK",Lol I was confused AF when I saw it but I'm better now. Think it was a minor OD.
507,Lol I was confused AF when I saw it but I'm better now. Think it was a minor OD.,"You was just nodding dude. Not really a minor od. Now I’m not saying you were far away from danger territory, but this time you probably just caught a hard nod, and didn’t remember trying to use your phone while like it 🤷‍♂️"
508,"You was just nodding dude. Not really a minor od. Now I’m not saying you were far away from danger territory, but this time you probably just caught a hard nod, and didn’t remember trying to use your phone while like it 🤷‍♂️","What's the different between nodding hard and having to catch ur breath all the time because you stop breathing? I remember using my phone and nodding that's not the worst part, it's the not breathing part."
509,What happened?,You know how your phone predicts what you're gonna type next? Maybe that is partially to blame?
510,You know how your phone predicts what you're gonna type next? Maybe that is partially to blame?,Yeah that's very possible
511,What happened?,Dreaming?  Might explain movements
512,Will three days get me past the worst of it?,"It will help absolutely. You will most likely feel some residual affects of WD, but some of that is unavoidable and it's minor compared to what you would/could have felt.

Edit: You can and will get through this.

Reedit: make sure you are using the time you have the subs to eat healthy and take your Flintstone vitamins, it will help with wd as well when you run out of sub."
513,"It will help absolutely. You will most likely feel some residual affects of WD, but some of that is unavoidable and it's minor compared to what you would/could have felt.

Edit: You can and will get through this.

Reedit: make sure you are using the time you have the subs to eat healthy and take your Flintstone vitamins, it will help with wd as well when you run out of sub.",Thank you! I have a ton of weed so hoping that will help lol
514,Will three days get me past the worst of it?,"I’d conserve and save that sub for when ever you truly fucking need it and can’t take it anymore.  And no point should you feel 100% normal or comfortable because if so then you’ve taken too much. Wait as long as you can and take half a mg. Should keep you ok for 12ish or more hours but I’d wait like 24 before taking another half. But who’s really say what you’ll experience. They’re a so many variables in these situations. Your tolerance, how long you’ve used, how much suboxone you’ve ever used, how you respond to suboxone. Take me for example, if I was seriously going through it and had been using dope continuously for some time that 3/4 isn’t gonna do much except maybe keep me from shitting my pants, I’d still be a miserable useless sweaty anxious mess. Good luck"
515,Will three days get me past the worst of it?,What symptoms are you still having?
516,What symptoms are you still having?,Honestly just mental stuff lack of motivation the usual
517,Lack of morning erections with normal use??? Does ist lower test.?,"Yes. Opiates use can lower testosterone over time

Edit: can't spell"
518,"Yes. Opiates use can lower testosterone over time

Edit: can't spell","Any chance you know where I can read up on it more, can’t seem to find anything that looks good. 

What is it that makes your test drop?"
519,"Any chance you know where I can read up on it more, can’t seem to find anything that looks good. 

What is it that makes your test drop?","https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2451965018300462

Heres an article.  You can Google the technical term which I believe is opiate induced androgen something lol. I don't know the science behind it"
520,Lack of morning erections with normal use??? Does ist lower test.?,"Your fuckn right it does. Fucks with your sex drive, test, endurance. Stop for a while and all the sudden it will come rushing back to you though"
521,"Your fuckn right it does. Fucks with your sex drive, test, endurance. Stop for a while and all the sudden it will come rushing back to you though","I always benefited from them at like 30mg with sex in multiple ways but anymore then that it goes against, you can’t it hard or stay hard"
522,How much IV heroin for my first time?,No dope porn.
523,No dope porn.,Sorry! Took care of it.
524,Sorry! Took care of it.,approved it :)
525,How much IV heroin for my first time?,Don’t fucking do it. Smoke it or snort it.
526,Don’t fucking do it. Smoke it or snort it.,Listen to this guy. Please
527,Listen to this guy. Please,"I ended up hanging out with someone who's an experienced junkie (plus he had meth, yay!) and he had me do half a bag with a point of shard IV, it was awesome. Weird but great rush, then alternated back and forth between tweaking and nodding for a few hours. Overall not a bad combo lmao."
528,"I ended up hanging out with someone who's an experienced junkie (plus he had meth, yay!) and he had me do half a bag with a point of shard IV, it was awesome. Weird but great rush, then alternated back and forth between tweaking and nodding for a few hours. Overall not a bad combo lmao.",I promise you will look back at this moment and realize it was a stepping stone to a horrible life full of doing things you never imagined you would do.  I’m not hating on you. I’ve just been there and I fear the worst for you brother. Stay safe.
529,How much IV heroin for my first time?,Just snort it. IVing new white heroin is an EASY way to die from fentanyl
530,How much IV heroin for my first time?,"Really I would just stick to snorting it at least until you've built up a bit of a tolerance if I were you

But if you absolutely have to bang it, snort a match tip size bump first just to gage how good it is, then go from there. If it's awful or decent or in between do 1/4 a point (a point is 0.1g), if it's amazing do 1/8 a point. Those are to start with then after you do the first shot you can see where you're at and if you think you should do more."
531,Is it normal for a non-missed shot to raise a bump in your skin while shooting almost like you’ve missed it? I’ve been having this lately. Still get the rush. No burning or signs of missing; blood in the rig.. as I’m injecting a lump raises? I check I’m still registered and I am. What’s up w/ this?,Are you still tied off when you shoot? Sometimes mine doesn’t fully untie/loosen and I get something similar
532,Are you still tied off when you shoot? Sometimes mine doesn’t fully untie/loosen and I get something similar,"I don’t tie off at all, since I have pretty nice and visible veins"
533,"I don’t tie off at all, since I have pretty nice and visible veins",M. Sorry man that’s all I got. Hope you get it figured out
534,Is it normal for a non-missed shot to raise a bump in your skin while shooting almost like you’ve missed it? I’ve been having this lately. Still get the rush. No burning or signs of missing; blood in the rig.. as I’m injecting a lump raises? I check I’m still registered and I am. What’s up w/ this?,"Yes, it's the pressure and fatty layer above where you're inside the vein"
535,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,"If you can get your hands on opana you need to close this app and hit up your dude right now lol
..seriously tho.."
536,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,"cause you snorted them, orally 30mg would have you nodding no tolerance"
537,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,Hahahah fr opana is the shit
538,Hahahah fr opana is the shit,"I wouldn’t call them shit, but  i definitely like oxy WAY more"
539,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,Gotta hit the right dosage for your tolerance and it is bliss plus energy. At least for me. Oxycodone is the shit. If you’re looking for true bliss/euphoria in a pill then you need opana my friend! Oxymorphone is the best drug I have tried. Well opiates at least. My heart and mind still love mdma and lsd. Especially together. Morphine is boring. Dilaudid is alright. That’s hydromorphone. Look for those pandas duder.
540,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,"Dilaudid fucking sucks ass, but opana is amazing so if you can get some you need to jump on that as quickly as humanly possible"
541,Recommendations for sedative and euphoric opiates?,Apparently everyone is different. Oxymorphone for me is even more energizing than oxycodone and it doesn't put me to sleep like hydromorphone and hydrocodone do. It's euphoric for sure but I can never nod from it and it doesn't feel like noddy heaven right before bed like the hydros do. A puff of weed helps give it a noddy edge but sometimes it takes away from the euphoria.
542,Tomorrow bright and early I’m finally tapering. I will be going down from 48 mg a day to 30mg. Then in two weeks down to 24mg. And stabilize at 24mg for a while. What can I expect? Also doctor put me on suboxone so it’ll be my first time taking suboxone instead of subutex,"How long have you been on 48mg per day?  There should be no difference from subutex and suboxone for you, unless you’re shooting it.  Even then many people say there is no difference whatsoever.  At over 32mg, I’m not sure of the side effects of the naloxone to be honest.  Most docs script under 32.  
 
The buprenorphine itself actually presents a higher binding affinity than naloxone does under normal conditions.  When people get PWD (precip withdrawal, after taking subs too soon following use of full agonists) it’s not the naloxone causing it, it’s the high affinity of the bupe.  It kicks other opioids off receptors, and doesn’t allow you to get “high” (at least not easily)

I imagine you’ll be just fine with the taper.  You can always ask for minor adjustments as needed; maybe even ask your prescribing physician for a direct(ish) number to call if your symptoms are too bad - if you feel lucky.  Maybe even ask to stay on subutex and do the taper if it makes you more comfortable.  You can always warm yourself up to it beforehand by taking bits and pieces less each day until your taper appt. 

Then you’ll even have some emergency milligrams to spare :p"
543,"How long have you been on 48mg per day?  There should be no difference from subutex and suboxone for you, unless you’re shooting it.  Even then many people say there is no difference whatsoever.  At over 32mg, I’m not sure of the side effects of the naloxone to be honest.  Most docs script under 32.  
 
The buprenorphine itself actually presents a higher binding affinity than naloxone does under normal conditions.  When people get PWD (precip withdrawal, after taking subs too soon following use of full agonists) it’s not the naloxone causing it, it’s the high affinity of the bupe.  It kicks other opioids off receptors, and doesn’t allow you to get “high” (at least not easily)

I imagine you’ll be just fine with the taper.  You can always ask for minor adjustments as needed; maybe even ask your prescribing physician for a direct(ish) number to call if your symptoms are too bad - if you feel lucky.  Maybe even ask to stay on subutex and do the taper if it makes you more comfortable.  You can always warm yourself up to it beforehand by taking bits and pieces less each day until your taper appt. 

Then you’ll even have some emergency milligrams to spare :p",I’ve been on 5 subutex a day for about 4 1/2 months. My new doctor told me I need to be down to 3 suboxone a day by the 27th of this month... I have no choice unfortunately in the matter 😭so essentially I have 60 suboxone to get me to the 27th starting tomorrow. Essentially 16 days to go from 5 to 3 and stabilize there. But in reality I could take up to 3.75 mg a day until the 27th then the 27th go down to 3 I just don’t know how to go about it exactly
544,I’ve been on 5 subutex a day for about 4 1/2 months. My new doctor told me I need to be down to 3 suboxone a day by the 27th of this month... I have no choice unfortunately in the matter 😭so essentially I have 60 suboxone to get me to the 27th starting tomorrow. Essentially 16 days to go from 5 to 3 and stabilize there. But in reality I could take up to 3.75 mg a day until the 27th then the 27th go down to 3 I just don’t know how to go about it exactly,"I don’t think you’ll feel any difference jumping down to that dose. That being said, holy shit 5 subs a day is ridiculous. Wtf was your doctor thinking?"
545,"I don’t think you’ll feel any difference jumping down to that dose. That being said, holy shit 5 subs a day is ridiculous. Wtf was your doctor thinking?","He was thinking about getting In my pants .,. Literally that’s not being sarcastic or anything ."
546,"He was thinking about getting In my pants .,. Literally that’s not being sarcastic or anything .","That's the highest dose I've ever heard. Shit, most addicts I know would be selling 4 of those and banking everyday. But anyway, the ceiling dose for now is 32mg and I've never met a person that needed more than 16. You'll be okay."
547,"That's the highest dose I've ever heard. Shit, most addicts I know would be selling 4 of those and banking everyday. But anyway, the ceiling dose for now is 32mg and I've never met a person that needed more than 16. You'll be okay.",I know I would
548,"He was thinking about getting In my pants .,. Literally that’s not being sarcastic or anything .",Creepy
549,Tomorrow bright and early I’m finally tapering. I will be going down from 48 mg a day to 30mg. Then in two weeks down to 24mg. And stabilize at 24mg for a while. What can I expect? Also doctor put me on suboxone so it’ll be my first time taking suboxone instead of subutex,"You will probably my feel fine. That is a very high dose and for many people the pain does not start until you get down to doses of 2mg and lower. Suboxone and Subutex will feel the same unless you have some kind of sensitivity or side effect from Naloxone. The naloxone was added as an abuse deterrent but is negligible when taken orally and most users do not even have symptoms when being reckless and shooting it. 

Good luck to you!  Once you get down to lower doses and if you feel any side effects, ask your doctor for some comfort meds during the end of your taper (if the goal is tapering to 0).  

Good luck OP!!!!"
550,"You will probably my feel fine. That is a very high dose and for many people the pain does not start until you get down to doses of 2mg and lower. Suboxone and Subutex will feel the same unless you have some kind of sensitivity or side effect from Naloxone. The naloxone was added as an abuse deterrent but is negligible when taken orally and most users do not even have symptoms when being reckless and shooting it. 

Good luck to you!  Once you get down to lower doses and if you feel any side effects, ask your doctor for some comfort meds during the end of your taper (if the goal is tapering to 0).  

Good luck OP!!!!","I really needed to read that this morning! Thank you for your kind words, information, and encouragement! The gold award goes to you ❤️"
551,"I really needed to read that this morning! Thank you for your kind words, information, and encouragement! The gold award goes to you ❤️",Aww!  Thanks!!  You got this!!  Let us know if you need any more help!
552,Aww!  Thanks!!  You got this!!  Let us know if you need any more help!,Update: I just took my first suboxone it’s dissolving now as we speak.:. First one today ... and it’s much stronger it feels like than 1 subutex and I’m dissolving it sublingually
553,How do I snort without it going down my throat?,"Slow and gentle, baby. You should hear little to no sound from your throat (don't involve it, just your nose). Just gently inhale it. Don't literally snort it."
554,How do I snort without it going down my throat?,`yeah it's more of a sniff lol`
555,How do I snort without it going down my throat?,"Yup, don't use water ;)"
556,"Yup, don't use water ;)","True that. I snorted some this morning, I got this rush but it was the most unpleasant rush, just confusion and a short-lived INTENSE headache. Honestly it was kinda scary, thought my brain was shutting down lol. BA might be less, but fuck it, I'll just take it sublingually"
557,How do I snort without it going down my throat?,"Why would you snort suboxone? The membranes in the nose that absorb it are pretty much the same as the ones under your tongue and considering sub strips are made to be administered sublingual you’re just wasting product, especially if it’s going down your throat (there’s no way to prevent drip considering it’s your body’s purposeful reaction to a foreign intruder) The effects will come on in the same amount of time if you snort it as it would if it was taken sublingual; Anything about better bioavailability is not true. Just take it as directed, there’s no reason not to. They were designed with addicts in mind, none of you guys are pulling wool over your psychiatrists eyes"
558,"Why would you snort suboxone? The membranes in the nose that absorb it are pretty much the same as the ones under your tongue and considering sub strips are made to be administered sublingual you’re just wasting product, especially if it’s going down your throat (there’s no way to prevent drip considering it’s your body’s purposeful reaction to a foreign intruder) The effects will come on in the same amount of time if you snort it as it would if it was taken sublingual; Anything about better bioavailability is not true. Just take it as directed, there’s no reason not to. They were designed with addicts in mind, none of you guys are pulling wool over your psychiatrists eyes","Idk man, I have done a lot of searching and really, overwhelmingly the general consensus is that that BA is significantly higher via snorting than sublingual.  Plugging is even higher but I'm not a huge fan. Plus from my own experience it does seem to hit me faster"
559,"Why would you snort suboxone? The membranes in the nose that absorb it are pretty much the same as the ones under your tongue and considering sub strips are made to be administered sublingual you’re just wasting product, especially if it’s going down your throat (there’s no way to prevent drip considering it’s your body’s purposeful reaction to a foreign intruder) The effects will come on in the same amount of time if you snort it as it would if it was taken sublingual; Anything about better bioavailability is not true. Just take it as directed, there’s no reason not to. They were designed with addicts in mind, none of you guys are pulling wool over your psychiatrists eyes",you can avoid drip by tilting your head back..idk what you're talking about..just hand your head back over the edge of you bed for a while until the few drops of water absorb/evporate in your nose
560,you can avoid drip by tilting your head back..idk what you're talking about..just hand your head back over the edge of you bed for a while until the few drops of water absorb/evporate in your nose,Yea you can stop drip from going down your throat but it’s still being formed with the purpose of leaving your body so no you can’t avoid drip you can just determine where it goes.
561,"Why would you snort suboxone? The membranes in the nose that absorb it are pretty much the same as the ones under your tongue and considering sub strips are made to be administered sublingual you’re just wasting product, especially if it’s going down your throat (there’s no way to prevent drip considering it’s your body’s purposeful reaction to a foreign intruder) The effects will come on in the same amount of time if you snort it as it would if it was taken sublingual; Anything about better bioavailability is not true. Just take it as directed, there’s no reason not to. They were designed with addicts in mind, none of you guys are pulling wool over your psychiatrists eyes","Because after so much time you have no choice but to swallow. Once it's up my nose, it's there to stay sans drip and that's controllable."
562,"Because after so much time you have no choice but to swallow. Once it's up my nose, it's there to stay sans drip and that's controllable.",Lol ok
563,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,"Not sure if you trolling, if so, yes take all the heroins and xanaxes and have a lolz goods times. 

If you’re seriously asking, then DO NOT do it. 
The only thing it will cancel out is your breathing."
564,"Not sure if you trolling, if so, yes take all the heroins and xanaxes and have a lolz goods times. 

If you’re seriously asking, then DO NOT do it. 
The only thing it will cancel out is your breathing.","Uh no, I come here for answers that google does not obviously have lol. Should I just not take more of either? Asked this question bc I wanted to do either more dope or another xan bc I’m not as fucked up as I want to be. I had to smoke a few hits of weed for all of it to kick in too btw"
565,"Uh no, I come here for answers that google does not obviously have lol. Should I just not take more of either? Asked this question bc I wanted to do either more dope or another xan bc I’m not as fucked up as I want to be. I had to smoke a few hits of weed for all of it to kick in too btw","If you are using H don’t use xans. If you using xans, don’t use H."
566,"Not sure if you trolling, if so, yes take all the heroins and xanaxes and have a lolz goods times. 

If you’re seriously asking, then DO NOT do it. 
The only thing it will cancel out is your breathing.",Ha that last line.. clever..
567,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,I mean you can mix anything heroin. I used to but it’s a really fucking bad idea. It’s intensifies heroin by x3939372883833736. Nothing good ever came from it .if you absolutely must just take a nibble of Xanax. Seriously with heroin you don’t need a lot. I used to to use Xanax to potentiate shitty heroin. At one one point. My wreck less ass was putting Xanax and heroin in the same spoon. So fucking sloppy I’d have to be carried and left In the car everywhere we went
568,I mean you can mix anything heroin. I used to but it’s a really fucking bad idea. It’s intensifies heroin by x3939372883833736. Nothing good ever came from it .if you absolutely must just take a nibble of Xanax. Seriously with heroin you don’t need a lot. I used to to use Xanax to potentiate shitty heroin. At one one point. My wreck less ass was putting Xanax and heroin in the same spoon. So fucking sloppy I’d have to be carried and left In the car everywhere we went,That's fuck lit How'd they go down bro
569,I mean you can mix anything heroin. I used to but it’s a really fucking bad idea. It’s intensifies heroin by x3939372883833736. Nothing good ever came from it .if you absolutely must just take a nibble of Xanax. Seriously with heroin you don’t need a lot. I used to to use Xanax to potentiate shitty heroin. At one one point. My wreck less ass was putting Xanax and heroin in the same spoon. So fucking sloppy I’d have to be carried and left In the car everywhere we went,The heroin I have now is shitty anyways lmao. Like these people are telling me I’m gonna die and I’m gonna be pretty pissed if I wake up in the morning lol now that I got the thought in my head 😂😂
570,The heroin I have now is shitty anyways lmao. Like these people are telling me I’m gonna die and I’m gonna be pretty pissed if I wake up in the morning lol now that I got the thought in my head 😂😂,[deleted]
571,[deleted],[removed]
572,[removed],"From the sidebar: 

>No location-specific posts! This includes neighborhoods AND cities. Anything that identifies a specific location will be removed. States can not be mentioned when posting dope porn or when talking about not having any sources."
573,[deleted],"I don’t care if I live or die and if I’m gonna die there’s nothing I can do about it now, It’s already in my system and I’m not going to call the hospital on myself. I gotta accept my fate and go out peacefully. I made my bed so now I lay in it. I just told my family I loved them so it’ll be good. Just didn’t think I’d go out like this I prolly should have done research first."
574,"I don’t care if I live or die and if I’m gonna die there’s nothing I can do about it now, It’s already in my system and I’m not going to call the hospital on myself. I gotta accept my fate and go out peacefully. I made my bed so now I lay in it. I just told my family I loved them so it’ll be good. Just didn’t think I’d go out like this I prolly should have done research first.",[deleted]
575,[deleted],"I not trolling yo, y’all got my scared to death lowkey but if I’m gonna die I just have to accept it. So should I call the ems? I have a tolerance to both btw"
576,"I not trolling yo, y’all got my scared to death lowkey but if I’m gonna die I just have to accept it. So should I call the ems? I have a tolerance to both btw",  The Xanax is extended release which is my main concern since everyone seems to be saying the results of mixing both are lethal. I feel somewhat okay now but
577,"I not trolling yo, y’all got my scared to death lowkey but if I’m gonna die I just have to accept it. So should I call the ems? I have a tolerance to both btw",[deleted]
578,[deleted],I have a pretty high tolerance to both bc I was doing like 5mg xanax a day for a week then ran out and got back w my dope plug and been doing less than a point a day for the past 3 or 4 and I did like less than a point today too. Everyone just kept saying I was gonna die so I freaked kinda but I also have nothing to live for so I was just gonna listen to music and go to sleep and go peacefully.  I think it’s been a couple hours since the xans. It was light outside when I did. Not tryna offend anyone I just don’t value my life but I’m more scared of dying painfully than anything.
579,I have a pretty high tolerance to both bc I was doing like 5mg xanax a day for a week then ran out and got back w my dope plug and been doing less than a point a day for the past 3 or 4 and I did like less than a point today too. Everyone just kept saying I was gonna die so I freaked kinda but I also have nothing to live for so I was just gonna listen to music and go to sleep and go peacefully.  I think it’s been a couple hours since the xans. It was light outside when I did. Not tryna offend anyone I just don’t value my life but I’m more scared of dying painfully than anything.,[deleted]
580,[deleted],"I also wanted to do some more dope and get higher another reason I asked this question, so I can nod out...until I found out it’s lethal (which I really didn’t know). But I’m guessing I should just not add anything anything else to my system for tonight"
581,"I also wanted to do some more dope and get higher another reason I asked this question, so I can nod out...until I found out it’s lethal (which I really didn’t know). But I’m guessing I should just not add anything anything else to my system for tonight",[deleted]
582,[deleted],"Yeah, especially like I heard about some “chocolate chip cookie” effect? Where there can be some sweet spots in a bag of dope you got that can be stronger or if it’s cut with fent that could be stronger in some parts more so than others. What about a bowl of tree? I actually kinda had to smoke earlier to help the other two things start to really kick in, but don’t wanna make it kick in too much I guess."
583,"Yeah, especially like I heard about some “chocolate chip cookie” effect? Where there can be some sweet spots in a bag of dope you got that can be stronger or if it’s cut with fent that could be stronger in some parts more so than others. What about a bowl of tree? I actually kinda had to smoke earlier to help the other two things start to really kick in, but don’t wanna make it kick in too much I guess.",[deleted]
584,[deleted],Bet thanks
585,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,Ummm yeah but u will nod into another world sooo yeah 🤘
586,Ummm yeah but u will nod into another world sooo yeah 🤘,Bet. See you in the next life bro 🤙🏼
587,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,"As everyone beat me to it, its best not to. I learned the hard way and would always have micro-overdoses whenever i mixed xans and fent, luckily i never had a full blown overdose, and i never had the balls to mix xans and smack."
588,"As everyone beat me to it, its best not to. I learned the hard way and would always have micro-overdoses whenever i mixed xans and fent, luckily i never had a full blown overdose, and i never had the balls to mix xans and smack.",Well granted it was like 4:30pmish when I took the Xanax maybe like 6:30pm or earlier when I took the dope. I’m alive rn (10:47pm) and not even too high anymore so I guess I’ll be good. I wanna finish this last bit of dope up but at this point Id be playing Russian roulette lol
589,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,Xans and opiates is fun if you can handle both. But if you don't have a benzo/opiate tolerance. You're an idiot. I almost died mixing bars and OC 80 back in the day. Fell out immediately upon feeling the effects of the OC. I wish I could say it was scary. But I just remember feeling good and what not. Drugs suck but are fun sometimes. I guess. Oh well I'm on ketamine and weed rn. Have a nice night. Be safe.
590,Xans and opiates is fun if you can handle both. But if you don't have a benzo/opiate tolerance. You're an idiot. I almost died mixing bars and OC 80 back in the day. Fell out immediately upon feeling the effects of the OC. I wish I could say it was scary. But I just remember feeling good and what not. Drugs suck but are fun sometimes. I guess. Oh well I'm on ketamine and weed rn. Have a nice night. Be safe.,I got a tolerance to both. I regret posting in here cause everyone got me freaked out for nothing. The Xanax almost made the heroin better bc the dope I had was shitty.
591,I got a tolerance to both. I regret posting in here cause everyone got me freaked out for nothing. The Xanax almost made the heroin better bc the dope I had was shitty.,That's how it works. Xanax and opiates really potentiate each other well. I've always loved the combo. Glad you ended up having a good night.
592,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,Everyone's a soon just don't go hard on both
593,Everyone's a soon just don't go hard on both,Yeah had me thinking I was bout to die. Well look who woke up today....
594,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,All the times I went out like waking up in an ambulance out was when I mixed fent and xans. But I had a really heavy IV tolerance to opis and would pop like 10 plus mg of xans in a short period of time. Just be super careful if you do it is really dangerous I’ve lost a lot of friends. I wouldn’t advise it to anyone. But snorting the xans is a waste too anyways if you do that.
595,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,I’ve seen a friend do it many a times.
596,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,"In order, I snorted half of 1mg xr Xanax I had crushed from a few nights ago, popped a whole 1mg xr Xanax pill, then snorted a few small lines of dope."
597,"In order, I snorted half of 1mg xr Xanax I had crushed from a few nights ago, popped a whole 1mg xr Xanax pill, then snorted a few small lines of dope.",Why would you do that? It doesn’t pass the mucous membrane to begin with and it has a ton of fillers. You can’t snort most benzos. What you feel is from the drip.
598,Why would you do that? It doesn’t pass the mucous membrane to begin with and it has a ton of fillers. You can’t snort most benzos. What you feel is from the drip.,Xanax is a oil pretty sure some would cross no ?
599,Xanax is a oil pretty sure some would cross no ?,Defs seen cunts IV them but they had black dead fingers from it
600,Xanax is a oil pretty sure some would cross no ?,No. He had a 1mg pill he split in half. That’s .5mg out of the hundreds of mg of binder and filler that aren’t water soluble either. That’s waste and nothing more
601,No. He had a 1mg pill he split in half. That’s .5mg out of the hundreds of mg of binder and filler that aren’t water soluble either. That’s waste and nothing more,What if you wheel filtered it
602,What if you wheel filtered it,I'm not going to do any of this btw
603,Why would you do that? It doesn’t pass the mucous membrane to begin with and it has a ton of fillers. You can’t snort most benzos. What you feel is from the drip.,"There’s only 2 water Soluble that I know of. Dormicum (Midozolam) U can snort or Inject. I lucked up and grabbed a few awhile back, damn good. 
 Then there’s one other Water Soluble but I’m not sure if it’s in the USA. Can’t remember the name. Of course unless you run across a Vial and can IV/Inter-muscular. 

I know several that Snort benzos, but they say straight up, it goes straight to my throat. 

There has been times I have crushed a Kpin In with a Oxy(OC) originals back in the day, But I did it cause Klonopin has a very minty Cooling sensation I’ve always loved."
604,"There’s only 2 water Soluble that I know of. Dormicum (Midozolam) U can snort or Inject. I lucked up and grabbed a few awhile back, damn good. 
 Then there’s one other Water Soluble but I’m not sure if it’s in the USA. Can’t remember the name. Of course unless you run across a Vial and can IV/Inter-muscular. 

I know several that Snort benzos, but they say straight up, it goes straight to my throat. 

There has been times I have crushed a Kpin In with a Oxy(OC) originals back in the day, But I did it cause Klonopin has a very minty Cooling sensation I’ve always loved.",They say you can snort triazolam too but I’m not sure on that.
605,Why would you do that? It doesn’t pass the mucous membrane to begin with and it has a ton of fillers. You can’t snort most benzos. What you feel is from the drip.,Bc I know a guy who snorts them all the time and swears it gets him high.
606,Bc I know a guy who snorts them all the time and swears it gets him high.,It doesn’t. It’s not water soluble it cannot be snorted. Your guy is having a placebo and getting high on the drip.
607,It doesn’t. It’s not water soluble it cannot be snorted. Your guy is having a placebo and getting high on the drip.,"shhhh... Yes, Op.  it gets u wrecked bro just keep snorting them!  don't even eat any.  dope works best if you mix it with honey mustard and spread it on your kneecaps for 15 minutes, too"
608,"shhhh... Yes, Op.  it gets u wrecked bro just keep snorting them!  don't even eat any.  dope works best if you mix it with honey mustard and spread it on your kneecaps for 15 minutes, too",bro 😎💪
609,Bc I know a guy who snorts them all the time and swears it gets him high.,Yeah it gets you high after it sits in your nose for awhile then finally drips into your stomach.
610,Can you mix Xanax and heroin?,Ok well if I’m bout to die then peace y’all ✌🏼 I’m just gonna listen to music and go to bed so it’s peaceful. Thanks for everything!
611,Why does suboxone give me an amphetamine like high?,Same it's fucked do you IV it by ant chance
612,Same it's fucked do you IV it by ant chance,"Nah I dont IV it, I'm always scerred I'll fuck it up and damage a vein or something. Plus my parents are super nosey and they'd find out eventually cuz I'm an everyday user. I just mix it in a tad of water and put it in a nasal spray bottle, I'll mix like 20 subs in a bottle and keep it handy"
613,Why does suboxone give me an amphetamine like high?,Do you take any other opiates as a rule or only just the sub? Many opiates give you that energetic feeling with focus. If you don't have a tolerance and take a small dose (generally) you get that feeling bigtime and it lasts a long time. I usually do 4mg at a time twice a day and get that feeling within an hour of taking it. It's not as pronounced a feeling compared to when I'm totally sober and do a sub though.
614,Do you take any other opiates as a rule or only just the sub? Many opiates give you that energetic feeling with focus. If you don't have a tolerance and take a small dose (generally) you get that feeling bigtime and it lasts a long time. I usually do 4mg at a time twice a day and get that feeling within an hour of taking it. It's not as pronounced a feeling compared to when I'm totally sober and do a sub though.,"Only other opiates I've done are I guess Oxy, Hydro, codeine, opana and the big brother, heroin. You're not supposed to mix those with subs right?"
615,"Only other opiates I've done are I guess Oxy, Hydro, codeine, opana and the big brother, heroin. You're not supposed to mix those with subs right?",I mean the worse that can happen is your wasting the opiate tho right? I just mixed them recently
616,Why does suboxone give me an amphetamine like high?,Defs don't mix those
617,Why does suboxone give me an amphetamine like high?,"I used to get that energized euphoric high from any opiates. It eventually went away with amounts and time using increased. I have never even understood why everyone wants to ""nod""? To me that's just a waste of good drugs! Anyway to each is there own! Enjoy it any way you can, and no do not mix subs with any opiate..."
618,Is taking a whole suboxone strip a waste?,I dont think so
619,Is taking a whole suboxone strip a waste?,"The rule with subs is generally less is more. I'd take 1/4 of it or a half just to save money and get more doses out of it. If I'm taking my first dose of the day, I can't tell a difference between 4mg and 8mg. I haven't been on subs long but long enough to have made that out."
620,Is taking a whole suboxone strip a waste?,It won't if you stick at that dose. Anything above 12-16 (at once) mg IMO is a waste. Your milage may vary
621,Is taking a whole suboxone strip a waste?,Don't snort it just put it under your tongue. You get the exact same effect that way without the possibility of losing some that you get with snorting it
622,Is it safe to do coke and subs at the same time?,It's as safe as combining 2 highly potent addictive substances can be. Which is not much. But as long as you keep it in reason I would not expect much harm.
623,Is it safe to do coke and subs at the same time?,"Nothing like a speedball. 

You're better off waiting until the coke is gone to take any sub"
624,Opiate withdrawal question?,You should be good. I do opis a few times every few weekends and never wd from it. As long as you dont do it every day you'll be ok.
625,You should be good. I do opis a few times every few weekends and never wd from it. As long as you dont do it every day you'll be ok.,I just wasnt sure because I was on them for a couple years and went cold turkey withdrawal for the last 9 days. Didn't wanna screw it all up and start it all over again from just one night.
626,I just wasnt sure because I was on them for a couple years and went cold turkey withdrawal for the last 9 days. Didn't wanna screw it all up and start it all over again from just one night.,It won’t send you back into WD. It might kick start the mental / anxiety of wanting it a bit more and you might feel a little lethargic and blah the next morning but you’ll be fine
627,I just wasnt sure because I was on them for a couple years and went cold turkey withdrawal for the last 9 days. Didn't wanna screw it all up and start it all over again from just one night.,It shouldnt send you back into full wds.
628,Opiate withdrawal question?,"I went 2 weeks cold turkey once then got a bag. Sent me back to square one.

But everybody is different. Also, my habit habit/tolerance was obnoxiously huge."
629,"I went 2 weeks cold turkey once then got a bag. Sent me back to square one.

But everybody is different. Also, my habit habit/tolerance was obnoxiously huge.",I'm just talking like 30-60mg oxy in one night. Bags come in all sizes. You talking a 1 night bag or a week long bag?
630,Opiate withdrawal question?,Lol Lol hi SC SC SC SC SC s Fc Fc IS a great place to live wteertettis a a a D E N N o n s t a t a R
631,Lol Lol hi SC SC SC SC SC s Fc Fc IS a great place to live wteertettis a a a D E N N o n s t a t a R,Can you have seizures from heroin? Wtf is this
632,heroin with 0 tolerance?,Flushed it
633,Flushed it,Good call. Dont ruin your life.
634,Flushed it,Nicely done! Way smarter than any of us lol
635,heroin with 0 tolerance?,Do a small bump the size of a match-head or even smaller to gauge its strength. Wait 20 minutes and then keep re-dosing until you get to a desired level
636,Do a small bump the size of a match-head or even smaller to gauge its strength. Wait 20 minutes and then keep re-dosing until you get to a desired level,Thank you! If this is straight up heroin like he said will a match head bump do anything? Granted we’re assuming this is stepped on with shit 1000x more potent but is it possible?
637,Thank you! If this is straight up heroin like he said will a match head bump do anything? Granted we’re assuming this is stepped on with shit 1000x more potent but is it possible?,"Really you wanna be doing small sizes like that as a precaution for it being fentanyl, or laced with fentanyl. Speaking of that subject, it’s good practice to chop it up and mix it well to avoid potential risks of fentanyl hotspots. But yeah if you have zero tolerance, a few small bumps should get you good. Just take it slow - you can always do more, but never do less."
638,Thank you! If this is straight up heroin like he said will a match head bump do anything? Granted we’re assuming this is stepped on with shit 1000x more potent but is it possible?,With pure shit and no tolerance a match heads worth can have effect. The idea is starting small will allow u to do more if needed and prevent possible od. I always use with a friend or dose and then walk around a public place ie grocery store
639,heroin with 0 tolerance?,"I don't do H but have been on here long enough to know that even folks with a tolerance take match sized bumps just in case it's full of fent and you get a hot spot. Street heroin isn't exactly mixed in precision equipment so in theory you could get a bag that's 100% heroin and another thats 100% fent just because it wasn't mixed properly.

Without a habit, I'd do as little as possible until you know what it *will* do to you."
640,heroin with 0 tolerance?,Dam dawg if u have 0 opiate tolerance I don’t think you should do it. Just my .02 At the least you will get nauseous and at the worst you will od. People forget how powerful this shit is for people with 0 tolerance.
641,heroin with 0 tolerance?,"I get the same shit from the same guy almost constantly. Very rarely does he have something different. I can also do 2g’s a day no problem. I STILL DO MATCH HEAD BUMPS when I cop, every single time. Every single bag.

Not gonna tell you that you shouldn’t go down this road, I wouldn’t have listened to me and I only trust me. But do listen to the advice and tips that experienced people give you, i listen to old heads and maybe that’s why I’m still alive, for now. 

Tips and advice are given to help you stay alive, use them. 
Happy nodding my dude"
642,heroin with 0 tolerance?,"You need to make a volumetric solution, or else you could easily die. Why everyone hasn't replied this exact answer baffles me."
643,What's everyone's opinion on Ibogaine for recovery?,"I believe it to be majority ineffective, although some people seem to like it. I think it also has a “mystique” associated with it that it’s some kind of suppressed medicine, as another poster called it, and that western medicine just hasn’t caught up. In reality I think a lot of it is snake like used to bilk desperate people out of 10k in Central and South America for a quick psychedelic fix to their problems. There are going to be people who very vehemently disagree. I’ve known 3 people who have done it in real life and all of them relapsed. But hey, I think we should do some studies and decriminalize it and see if it helps. Maybe there is a process that needs to be followed through in order for it to be effective. I want to believe!"
644,What's everyone's opinion on Ibogaine for recovery?,"This guy, Dr. B., is a scumbag."
645,whats the conversion of H to pills?,There is a comparison chart in the sidebar
646,whats the conversion of H to pills?,"[https://www.palliativedrugs.com/download/090714\_opioid\_conversions.pdf](https://www.palliativedrugs.com/download/090714_opioid_conversions.pdf)

10 mg of pure heroin is equivalent to 30 mg of morphine..taken orally"
647,whats the conversion of H to pills?,What was the bet?
648,"Dealer arrested, is my phone # hot?",I wouldn’t worry about it. Plenty of my dealers have been busted over the years and I’ve never been arrested for anything related to heroin.
649,"Dealer arrested, is my phone # hot?","Cops don't bust a dealer, then downgrade to small time users, they might try and flip him for info on his supplier, but cops try to find the next guy up the ladder, not climb down the food-chain"
650,"Dealer arrested, is my phone # hot?","Don’t sweat it man.  One day I was blowing up my dealers phone they wouldn’t answer so I kept calling and calling. Finally a guy answered the phone and I said thank god im withdrawing so bad I need to come see you now. That guy on the other end of the phone wasnt my dealer he was indeed a cop, he replied “your dealer is face down on his floor dead as a door knob so please stop calling we’re trying to clean up this mess.”  Lol and nothing ever came of it so I think you should be good."
651,"Don’t sweat it man.  One day I was blowing up my dealers phone they wouldn’t answer so I kept calling and calling. Finally a guy answered the phone and I said thank god im withdrawing so bad I need to come see you now. That guy on the other end of the phone wasnt my dealer he was indeed a cop, he replied “your dealer is face down on his floor dead as a door knob so please stop calling we’re trying to clean up this mess.”  Lol and nothing ever came of it so I think you should be good.","I'm confused, why your dealer was dead on the floor? Cops generally don't ""clean up"" dead bodies either, I think ur plug just didn't want 2 mess with ya anymore, and had someone else say that.. lol"
652,"I'm confused, why your dealer was dead on the floor? Cops generally don't ""clean up"" dead bodies either, I think ur plug just didn't want 2 mess with ya anymore, and had someone else say that.. lol",Yeah He was just being a smartass. but no she was actually dead I went to her funeral the next week. Her heart had exploded she was a heavy crack smoker. But when I got off the phone I was thinking there’s no way and then about 30 minutes later her daughter called me crying and told me that she was gone and that that was a cop that answered the phone.
653,"Dealer arrested, is my phone # hot?","I had a cop answer my dealers phone once. Told me to meet him on Ray and <some street that doesn’t intersect with Ray>. I could tell there was some bullshit so I just went to the other dealer. To get to him we had to drive past Ray st and we saw the dealer pulled over surrounded by cops.

And Ray is just a made up st name gay ass mods."
654,"I had a cop answer my dealers phone once. Told me to meet him on Ray and <some street that doesn’t intersect with Ray>. I could tell there was some bullshit so I just went to the other dealer. To get to him we had to drive past Ray st and we saw the dealer pulled over surrounded by cops.

And Ray is just a made up st name gay ass mods.","Dang that's super sketchy, glad you didnt get caught up. Had me looking hard at this post because that's a really busy street in my city"
655,Most effective way to dose suboxone?,Intranasally is higher than sublingually
656,Most effective way to dose suboxone?,"I wouldn’t even try to inject films like that unless you have micron syringe filters and experience using such a small amount of water to dissolve one. 

I’d just use it sublingually. You could try and dissolve it and use a nasal spray bottle to use it intranasally, but again you would need to be so careful about the amount of water you used for it to be worth it."
657,"I wouldn’t even try to inject films like that unless you have micron syringe filters and experience using such a small amount of water to dissolve one. 

I’d just use it sublingually. You could try and dissolve it and use a nasal spray bottle to use it intranasally, but again you would need to be so careful about the amount of water you used for it to be worth it.",Gotcha. What do you mean careful btw? Like be careful not to use too much water?
658,Gotcha. What do you mean careful btw? Like be careful not to use too much water?,"Exactly, nasal sprayers are effective in how they distribute/deliver the water nasally, but they only deliver tiny amounts of at once, so you’d have to spray it more and more depending on how much water you use to dissolve the strip. And that’s all just to get one strip up your nose. 

A brand new, full bottle of Afrin nasal spray, for example, is 15mL so you’d want to use far less than that for it to make practical sense."
659,Most effective way to dose suboxone?,"wut? Nothing and I mean nothing completely bypasses the liver. Maybe first pass, but that's it. 

Put them under your tongue.  They're made to be used that way. Their bioavailibility is high sublingually then putting it in your nose. 

If you don't have an opioid tolerance then shit the best way would be to shoot them, then you'll get 100% bioavailibility instead of the 95% or whatever it is sublingual."
660,"wut? Nothing and I mean nothing completely bypasses the liver. Maybe first pass, but that's it. 

Put them under your tongue.  They're made to be used that way. Their bioavailibility is high sublingually then putting it in your nose. 

If you don't have an opioid tolerance then shit the best way would be to shoot them, then you'll get 100% bioavailibility instead of the 95% or whatever it is sublingual.","Hmm, I see what you mean about the bypassing of the liver, that nothing completely bypasses it. But after doing some research, it seems that the general consensus is that insufflation and plugging has higher BA than sublingual. IV being the most effective but not really worth it due to all the junk they put in subs, also a lot of people dont use needles"
661,"Hmm, I see what you mean about the bypassing of the liver, that nothing completely bypasses it. But after doing some research, it seems that the general consensus is that insufflation and plugging has higher BA than sublingual. IV being the most effective but not really worth it due to all the junk they put in subs, also a lot of people dont use needles","Plugging,  yes has a very high BA.  Insufflation has I believe in the 60 to 75 % range when done correctly and a lot of people do it wrong. 

The strips are purposely made for sublingual, and I haven't check the percentage,  but usually when they're made a specific way, they have an extremely high BA that way.

Let me check and come back with an edit, specifically for subs.

Edit: well fuck me running.  It's got a very very poor absorption rate sublingually. 30 to 55% is what all the clincal data reports.  

I was wrong. Apologies. I'd figure the formula would be much better sublingually."
662,"Hmm, I see what you mean about the bypassing of the liver, that nothing completely bypasses it. But after doing some research, it seems that the general consensus is that insufflation and plugging has higher BA than sublingual. IV being the most effective but not really worth it due to all the junk they put in subs, also a lot of people dont use needles","This. I snort my subs but on the occasion that I've done it sublingually, it felt like a waste. Way weaker."
663,Can you get high off vicodin?,"If you have to ask, then I guess you'll never know. My suggestion is you toss them. If you can't figure out how to get high off opioids then you should probably just flush them."
664,Can you get high off vicodin?,Are you kidding?
665,Are you kidding?,uhhh no
666,Can you get high off vicodin?,"Yes you can get high on Vicodin, that has been my drug of choice for 5 years. Youre going to need about 30-50mgs though, 20 didnt even touch me when i first started using. Also, alcohol takes away from the effect of the Vicodin, so I'd recommend not drinking until about 3 hours after youve hit your peak"
667,Can you get high off vicodin?,What whiskey do you drink? I love opiates and whiskey
668,Can you get high off vicodin?,30mg hydro is around 20mg oxy. 20mg hydro is around  ~13.3mg oxy which wouldn't get me high even without tolerance. So yes you can. But you shouldn't be liek that and start using google.
669,30mg hydro is around 20mg oxy. 20mg hydro is around  ~13.3mg oxy which wouldn't get me high even without tolerance. So yes you can. But you shouldn't be liek that and start using google.,Really??!! Even with a tolerance I definitely at least feel something something off even 10 mg of oxy. With no tolerance I’ve seen some people nod out off of 10 mg of oxy. It’s more of a person to person basis in my opinion
670,Really??!! Even with a tolerance I definitely at least feel something something off even 10 mg of oxy. With no tolerance I’ve seen some people nod out off of 10 mg of oxy. It’s more of a person to person basis in my opinion,Yes I agree. I don't know anyone that didn't feel 10mg oxy. My first time i took 1.5 10s and was floating
671,30mg hydro is around 20mg oxy. 20mg hydro is around  ~13.3mg oxy which wouldn't get me high even without tolerance. So yes you can. But you shouldn't be liek that and start using google.,"I don’t know much about opiates, didn’t see another choice. thanks for the info"
672,Can you get high off vicodin?,My first year of using off and on...2.5mg did me good.
673,Can you get high off vicodin?,Yes but it sucks if you have an opioid tolerance. You should have taken all 3.
674,M box 30's pressed with heroin?,Doubtful... 99.9999% of the time its fent pressies.
675,M box 30's pressed with heroin?,Chances are very very very low. Heroin is not cheap. Fentanyl is.
676,Chances are very very very low. Heroin is not cheap. Fentanyl is.,That's my thinking I just wanted to get a second opinion. Not worth the risk. Dude also has tar so I'll just get that haha.
677,M box 30's pressed with heroin?,"As said above, most likely a fent analogue, buckets of the stuff available sadly. Fast becoming a cutting agent which I find a disgrace to the opioid world.

If it’s a small manufacturing process maybe, but usually on mass H goes in a different direction 👍"
678,M box 30's pressed with heroin?,Highly highly highly doubtful
679,Who wants to be clean?,I want to use all the time but with no consequences.
680,Who wants to be clean?,both
681,Who wants to be clean?,if I never got sick and had and endless supply of money I'd never want to get clean.
682,if I never got sick and had and endless supply of money I'd never want to get clean.,"If I had a replicator like off star trek, that could magically replicate any opiate or duplicate any substance, yeah I probably would not quit.  I'd just make sure to keep huge stashes squirreled away in various locations.

But for now I want to quit as my tolerance is just so high.  I don't get high any more, infact I feel mostly sick in minor withdrawals most of the time. I'm tired of being always cold, low energy etc.  I had much more energy, drive, and motivation when I was clean.   Even with an infinite stash of opiates I'd probably just waste my life getting high and doing nothing, but at least with a stash like that you wouldn't have to worry about chasing dope."
683,Who wants to be clean?,"I'm OFF all opiates. I'm off all methamphetamine.  I'm off all benzos. I'm literally off everything.  I'm 30. I never expected to live pass 27. I always expect to be a static because that's all that I've ever felt I was worth.

I've realized, I'm worth more. I don't want to go back. I don't want to be involved anymore. I've picked up so many felonies this year. I think I had a total of 14 felony charges, 4 of 5 Misdemeanors, and I was still getting stopped by cops.

I've settled some of the stuff,  but I don't want to give up my life to jail. I don't want to stay in the cycle.  

Sure, if there was no social, emotional or physical impact upon myself,  others and the police. I'd get high every single day for the rest of my life, but there are consequences and I'm done with them.
Edit: spelling"
684,"I'm OFF all opiates. I'm off all methamphetamine.  I'm off all benzos. I'm literally off everything.  I'm 30. I never expected to live pass 27. I always expect to be a static because that's all that I've ever felt I was worth.

I've realized, I'm worth more. I don't want to go back. I don't want to be involved anymore. I've picked up so many felonies this year. I think I had a total of 14 felony charges, 4 of 5 Misdemeanors, and I was still getting stopped by cops.

I've settled some of the stuff,  but I don't want to give up my life to jail. I don't want to stay in the cycle.  

Sure, if there was no social, emotional or physical impact upon myself,  others and the police. I'd get high every single day for the rest of my life, but there are consequences and I'm done with them.
Edit: spelling","You are right on time, my friend! It sounds like you aged out! Congratulations!

https://www.drugfoundation.org.nz/matters-of-substance/november-2014/ageing-out-of-addiction/"
685,Who wants to be clean?,"i am ""clean"", off full agonists anyway, and i want to stay this way for the long haul."
686,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,Seems to be the case for me with mcg doses of naltrexone.
687,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,How’s it work ? U take how much and when in relation to when u ingest opiates?
688,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,"Not sure about Suboxone with the antagonist attachment, but I know when I do some sublingual bupe with mega high affinity, I add a little Oxy later and it is as though I have been awarded a prize for filling ever cell and receptor subtype there is."
689,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,"yes, actually. and bupe can even behave more like a full agonist vs the partial it truly is, in minuscule doses like that"
690,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,"How am I just hearing about this now.   
    any ideas on timing ?  
     Would it make sense to mix in .1 mg in same shot as dope/fentadope? Or do the micro bupe shot, wait 45 min, then the real shot?  
  Thinking option b"
691,Very low dose subs enhanced high?,I’ve noticed this too! I’m pretty sure it’s because there is just more filling up your receptors and in return giving a fuller high
692,Does anyone know the half life for 2 methyl ap 237?,"Search the name on pubmed, maybe you'll find some studies. If not no one else can tell you the half life, that drug is new"
693,Can I drink ontop of suboxone?,"yeah 3 beers should be fine..it's just not advisable to get shitfaced on any opiod or opiate..especially without a tolerance..and if you're taking suboxone for recreational use, be careful and take like .5 mg. if you take too much you will feel horrible for a long peroid of time"
694,"yeah 3 beers should be fine..it's just not advisable to get shitfaced on any opiod or opiate..especially without a tolerance..and if you're taking suboxone for recreational use, be careful and take like .5 mg. if you take too much you will feel horrible for a long peroid of time","Yah ive always heard people have a bad reaction to subs. I just happen to be one of those people who doesnt get nauseous from even a whole strip, so it's a beautiful miracle drug for me. But I've never drank ontop of them so I'll take it slow this time. Thanks for advice!"
695,Can I drink ontop of suboxone?,Makes me feel like total shit if I have more than a couple drinks. Not good synergy between the 2.
696,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Sometimes I’d nod out browsing IG. I’d come back to consciousness with the phone bouncing off my face. My nodded out zombie face would be there in picture/video form, one click away from being posted. I really wish it weren’t so damn easy to post on IG cause I’d always be about a second away from broadcasting my melting face to the world. It wasn’t flattering in the slightest.

I kept some of those photos along with my gaunt crazed selfies on meth. I’m not using anymore, but I keep these for reference when I get cravings..

It’s shallow, but sometimes the only thing that keeps me from picking up that sack is straight vanity and the pressure to stay attractive."
697,"Sometimes I’d nod out browsing IG. I’d come back to consciousness with the phone bouncing off my face. My nodded out zombie face would be there in picture/video form, one click away from being posted. I really wish it weren’t so damn easy to post on IG cause I’d always be about a second away from broadcasting my melting face to the world. It wasn’t flattering in the slightest.

I kept some of those photos along with my gaunt crazed selfies on meth. I’m not using anymore, but I keep these for reference when I get cravings..

It’s shallow, but sometimes the only thing that keeps me from picking up that sack is straight vanity and the pressure to stay attractive.","Doesn't matter if it's shallow, as long as it's keeping you motivated"
698,"Doesn't matter if it's shallow, as long as it's keeping you motivated","It isn't really that shallow, IMO.  
Appearance is everything. Appearance can be a first impression. Appearance can affect whether or not you get that job, or if someone smiles back.  
  
Wanting to keep yourself *not* looking like a drug addict is great motivation."
699,"Doesn't matter if it's shallow, as long as it's keeping you motivated",True dat 🙌🏾
700,"Sometimes I’d nod out browsing IG. I’d come back to consciousness with the phone bouncing off my face. My nodded out zombie face would be there in picture/video form, one click away from being posted. I really wish it weren’t so damn easy to post on IG cause I’d always be about a second away from broadcasting my melting face to the world. It wasn’t flattering in the slightest.

I kept some of those photos along with my gaunt crazed selfies on meth. I’m not using anymore, but I keep these for reference when I get cravings..

It’s shallow, but sometimes the only thing that keeps me from picking up that sack is straight vanity and the pressure to stay attractive.","It’s not shallow, it’s true. We all look like shit when we’re really using. For anyone who thinks they don’t, look harder."
701,"Sometimes I’d nod out browsing IG. I’d come back to consciousness with the phone bouncing off my face. My nodded out zombie face would be there in picture/video form, one click away from being posted. I really wish it weren’t so damn easy to post on IG cause I’d always be about a second away from broadcasting my melting face to the world. It wasn’t flattering in the slightest.

I kept some of those photos along with my gaunt crazed selfies on meth. I’m not using anymore, but I keep these for reference when I get cravings..

It’s shallow, but sometimes the only thing that keeps me from picking up that sack is straight vanity and the pressure to stay attractive.",I find nodding photos in my phone time to time to that I accidently took and I'm always grossed out and pray I don't accidently post on social media. Gotta have my phone on me when its nod time of course
702,I find nodding photos in my phone time to time to that I accidently took and I'm always grossed out and pray I don't accidently post on social media. Gotta have my phone on me when its nod time of course,lol I’m fantasizing a breathalyzer for nods that would keep me locked out of social media... maybe facelock technology will do it one day
703,"Sometimes I’d nod out browsing IG. I’d come back to consciousness with the phone bouncing off my face. My nodded out zombie face would be there in picture/video form, one click away from being posted. I really wish it weren’t so damn easy to post on IG cause I’d always be about a second away from broadcasting my melting face to the world. It wasn’t flattering in the slightest.

I kept some of those photos along with my gaunt crazed selfies on meth. I’m not using anymore, but I keep these for reference when I get cravings..

It’s shallow, but sometimes the only thing that keeps me from picking up that sack is straight vanity and the pressure to stay attractive.",Keep it up bro. You're an inspiration to tons of us...
704,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,I make pictures of myself after I used. Writing on the pics how much I used etc. and strangley I just look nearly exactly the same like when I just woke up. The only difference are my eyes of course and  that I am also often a bit pale. But otherwise I look semi normal and not disgusting. But maybe its the ROA too since I aniff my dope and dont shoot it. But the few times I shot my dope I looked like I was serious ill and about to die. But if I record myself while nodding it looks very strange and disgusting thats true. Oh and one time I recorded myself while on some xans and dope that was awful disgusting.
705,I make pictures of myself after I used. Writing on the pics how much I used etc. and strangley I just look nearly exactly the same like when I just woke up. The only difference are my eyes of course and  that I am also often a bit pale. But otherwise I look semi normal and not disgusting. But maybe its the ROA too since I aniff my dope and dont shoot it. But the few times I shot my dope I looked like I was serious ill and about to die. But if I record myself while nodding it looks very strange and disgusting thats true. Oh and one time I recorded myself while on some xans and dope that was awful disgusting.,"Recording looks totally different than still shots, I've noticed"
706,"Recording looks totally different than still shots, I've noticed",I gonna need to try that too. Maybe it will woek on me too and I wont get so high anymore.
707,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,Tons of people upload videos of them shooting on the IV sub. Seems pretty common!
708,Tons of people upload videos of them shooting on the IV sub. Seems pretty common!,link
709,link,Addictedtotheneedle
710,link,r/Addictedtotheneedle in case u want a clickable link
711,Tons of people upload videos of them shooting on the IV sub. Seems pretty common!,Not really the same as slightly after
712,Not really the same as slightly after,"That's true. I was thinking it still shows the general... unappealingness of it all though, how you look, etc."
713,"That's true. I was thinking it still shows the general... unappealingness of it all though, how you look, etc.","Depends. I love seeing videos of me or anyone else shooting up heroin, it makes me salivate tbh since that's my RoA of choice. But like the sub name implies, the needle itself and IVing is its own addiction entirely, like not only are you addicted to your DoC, but you're also addicted to shooting it up as well and the whole ritual behind it of sucking back your water, putting your shit in the spoon or cooker, squirting the water onto it, heating it if need be, mixing it around, putting in your filter, sucking it back up, tying off, then digging around for a vein.

Then as soon as that flash of bright red pops up in the needle it's honestly like porn it's so fucking sexy. ESPECIALLY if you were sick, ESPECIALLY ESPECIALLY if you were sick and it's the first shot of the day. Tbh I LOVE recording my first shot of the day when I can finally take my sickness away. When I go back and rewatch it and think about how amazing it felt and how it took away the pain of WDs, I'm pretty sure I nut every time I do watch it. Even if it's someone else's video though I still love watching that flash when you register a vein bc I can just imagine the rush that person is gonna get and it gives me a kind of a rush.

Nothing unappealing about it to me at least."
714,"Depends. I love seeing videos of me or anyone else shooting up heroin, it makes me salivate tbh since that's my RoA of choice. But like the sub name implies, the needle itself and IVing is its own addiction entirely, like not only are you addicted to your DoC, but you're also addicted to shooting it up as well and the whole ritual behind it of sucking back your water, putting your shit in the spoon or cooker, squirting the water onto it, heating it if need be, mixing it around, putting in your filter, sucking it back up, tying off, then digging around for a vein.

Then as soon as that flash of bright red pops up in the needle it's honestly like porn it's so fucking sexy. ESPECIALLY if you were sick, ESPECIALLY ESPECIALLY if you were sick and it's the first shot of the day. Tbh I LOVE recording my first shot of the day when I can finally take my sickness away. When I go back and rewatch it and think about how amazing it felt and how it took away the pain of WDs, I'm pretty sure I nut every time I do watch it. Even if it's someone else's video though I still love watching that flash when you register a vein bc I can just imagine the rush that person is gonna get and it gives me a kind of a rush.

Nothing unappealing about it to me at least.",Preaching to the choir. I'm an IV user too. I just meant from a non-IVers (or someone else's) point of view due to the nature of the post. I've never recorded myself though... not coordinated enough and too risky for my situation!
715,Preaching to the choir. I'm an IV user too. I just meant from a non-IVers (or someone else's) point of view due to the nature of the post. I've never recorded myself though... not coordinated enough and too risky for my situation!,"Oh yea someone who doesn't shoot probably would hate videos of someone doing it. I hate seeing videos of myself when I'm actually high bc it disgusts me, but I do love watching videos of myself shooting up."
716,"Oh yea someone who doesn't shoot probably would hate videos of someone doing it. I hate seeing videos of myself when I'm actually high bc it disgusts me, but I do love watching videos of myself shooting up.","Hahaha right... I get crazy lazy eye when I'm on good dope, makes me look ""special."" I do love taking pics with my pinpoint pupils though, think they're so cool. But yeah, most I know hate needles and would squirm and feel disgusted by either watching irl or in video form 😂🤷‍♀️"
717,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Years ago my parents recorded me when i was high on hydromorphone , xanax, and ecstasy. i was sitting at my desk, eyes closed, typing on a computer that wasn't there."
718,"Years ago my parents recorded me when i was high on hydromorphone , xanax, and ecstasy. i was sitting at my desk, eyes closed, typing on a computer that wasn't there.","Bahahahhaha, amazing"
719,"Years ago my parents recorded me when i was high on hydromorphone , xanax, and ecstasy. i was sitting at my desk, eyes closed, typing on a computer that wasn't there.","Damn that’s one hell of a combo. Sounds like it would be amazing. Dangerous, too."
720,"Damn that’s one hell of a combo. Sounds like it would be amazing. Dangerous, too.",I wish I could remember how it felt!
721,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?," Never myself but others have recorded me. We as addicts are always in denial. Specially when it comes to how obvious it is to others. In our mind we think we are smooth and don't look sleepy or that our friends or family are nagging when they keep telling us were nodding off but the trurh is we really are obvious most of the time. Its a sad reality check.
One of the times I was filmed was when I was. Blacked out on fent or a strong fent mix and I was so embarrassing such as rambling without making sense and took 12 attempts to sit down in a chair. I dont normally get fent or strong fent mix down south here and it was not pretty to watch but boy did it feel good!"
722," Never myself but others have recorded me. We as addicts are always in denial. Specially when it comes to how obvious it is to others. In our mind we think we are smooth and don't look sleepy or that our friends or family are nagging when they keep telling us were nodding off but the trurh is we really are obvious most of the time. Its a sad reality check.
One of the times I was filmed was when I was. Blacked out on fent or a strong fent mix and I was so embarrassing such as rambling without making sense and took 12 attempts to sit down in a chair. I dont normally get fent or strong fent mix down south here and it was not pretty to watch but boy did it feel good!","This is similar to when i went to a music festival sober for my first time instead of doing lsd/mdma/ketamine and I saw what my friends looked like and what i would look like had I dosed like I normally do.
It was like being in a horror movie- everyone teeth grinding and jaw moving and eyes rolling in back of head and everyone's body is tensed up without them realizing it all tight in their shoulder area"
723,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,I've been recorded in the middle of a paranoid delusional drug-psychosis... I regret stims
724,I've been recorded in the middle of a paranoid delusional drug-psychosis... I regret stims,I went into psychosis after I smoked some bud and the chick I got high with she recorded me the whole time and was laughing at me that's all she did was record me the whole time she didn't help me in no way whatsoever I stopped talking and hanging out with her after that.
725,I went into psychosis after I smoked some bud and the chick I got high with she recorded me the whole time and was laughing at me that's all she did was record me the whole time she didn't help me in no way whatsoever I stopped talking and hanging out with her after that.,I legit cannot smoke weed without having a panic attack. Something in my brain chemistry changed after I got hooked on opiates. I used to blow ounces a week like it was nothing now I can't take a secondhand puff without losing control of my autonomous bodily functions.
726,I legit cannot smoke weed without having a panic attack. Something in my brain chemistry changed after I got hooked on opiates. I used to blow ounces a week like it was nothing now I can't take a secondhand puff without losing control of my autonomous bodily functions.,People don't believe in chemical imbalances and the having MAJOR panic attacks from weed is a really big one and kinda fucked up my life. I even thought if i tapered myself up to have a tolerance and just stayed constantly on my benzos id be fine... Fuuuuuuuuck no. Thats a lie. Benzos were a major additive to panic attacks as it was. That rebound anxiety is a fucking killer.
727,I legit cannot smoke weed without having a panic attack. Something in my brain chemistry changed after I got hooked on opiates. I used to blow ounces a week like it was nothing now I can't take a secondhand puff without losing control of my autonomous bodily functions.,I swear I thought I was the only one who stopped being able to smoke weed once I got addicted to opiates. I swear no one else understands how no matter what the strain it always gives me panic attacks
728,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"No videos I have taken myself, but my boyfriend has taken pictures/videos of the weird shit I do in my sleep when I am really high. For example: telling stories in my sleep (such as how Adam doesn't like pickles on his burger...uhhh...I don't know any Adam's lol), raising my arms up in the air like a zombie kind of, yoga poses (like lifting my hips up in the air off the bed...I don't even do yoga)."
729,"No videos I have taken myself, but my boyfriend has taken pictures/videos of the weird shit I do in my sleep when I am really high. For example: telling stories in my sleep (such as how Adam doesn't like pickles on his burger...uhhh...I don't know any Adam's lol), raising my arms up in the air like a zombie kind of, yoga poses (like lifting my hips up in the air off the bed...I don't even do yoga).",Omg -  I was about to comment that I do the same thing! And then I saw it’s you 😂 Is anyone ELSE this way too??
730,Omg -  I was about to comment that I do the same thing! And then I saw it’s you 😂 Is anyone ELSE this way too??,100%. My SO is always weirded out by the shit I do in my sleep. Thankfully she hasn’t yet realized that those are the same nights that I’ve been using.
731,100%. My SO is always weirded out by the shit I do in my sleep. Thankfully she hasn’t yet realized that those are the same nights that I’ve been using.,Lol! Okay so we aren't the only ones :D Unfortunately my SO figured that one out so I gotta be really careful how much I use before I go to bed.
732,Omg -  I was about to comment that I do the same thing! And then I saw it’s you 😂 Is anyone ELSE this way too??,"HI BABE!!!! My favorite! I wonder if we are the only crazy ones girl lol. Gonna text you right now, miss you lots!"
733,"No videos I have taken myself, but my boyfriend has taken pictures/videos of the weird shit I do in my sleep when I am really high. For example: telling stories in my sleep (such as how Adam doesn't like pickles on his burger...uhhh...I don't know any Adam's lol), raising my arms up in the air like a zombie kind of, yoga poses (like lifting my hips up in the air off the bed...I don't even do yoga).","Haha my bf records me raising my arms up in the air like that while I’m sleeping too! Sometimes I’ll even wake up and catch myself doing it. But I’m pretty sure I do this whether or not I’m high, people used to make fun of me for it in jail."
734,"Haha my bf records me raising my arms up in the air like that while I’m sleeping too! Sometimes I’ll even wake up and catch myself doing it. But I’m pretty sure I do this whether or not I’m high, people used to make fun of me for it in jail.","I wake up too sometimes! I've also noticed my arms tend to fall asleep to the point they are completely ""dead"" and hurt so bad they wake me up. This never happened before I started using. I definitely have always done weird things in my sleep too, but nothing close to this lol!"
735,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"A long time ago my friend recorded her boyfriend and I having a ""pants off dance off"" right after we shot up and it looked dumb but not really shameful i guess"
736,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,I recorded myself shooting up once. It was interesting.
737,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,Its gross seeing what other people see. I have been recorded multiple times and I look pathetic.
738,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"I have a whole plethora of pictures as mementos of gnarly shots, some of them with black thick blood running down my arms dripping on my floor, the sad background noise of nasty old rigs in the corner of my dirty junkie bathroom.. Shit like that helps me remember where it always leads. But the videos... even the accidental ones, for lack of a better word, are chilling."
739,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"I don't see it that way. Everyday has a certain amount of ""me"" time that is gonna go to ""waste"" anyway. You can't be 100% spending time with others or 100% making gains in whatever you think of as worthy (e.g. a businessman making money or an artist art). A certain % is going toward chilling on the sofa or watching a TV show you're not enthused about. Or using chill drugs to chill. Who gives a shit how you spend that time. What matters more is the ratio of time you spend in that mode."
740,"I don't see it that way. Everyday has a certain amount of ""me"" time that is gonna go to ""waste"" anyway. You can't be 100% spending time with others or 100% making gains in whatever you think of as worthy (e.g. a businessman making money or an artist art). A certain % is going toward chilling on the sofa or watching a TV show you're not enthused about. Or using chill drugs to chill. Who gives a shit how you spend that time. What matters more is the ratio of time you spend in that mode.",When I'm in junkie mode my life revolves around it and it's no good.  I need to stop
741,"I don't see it that way. Everyday has a certain amount of ""me"" time that is gonna go to ""waste"" anyway. You can't be 100% spending time with others or 100% making gains in whatever you think of as worthy (e.g. a businessman making money or an artist art). A certain % is going toward chilling on the sofa or watching a TV show you're not enthused about. Or using chill drugs to chill. Who gives a shit how you spend that time. What matters more is the ratio of time you spend in that mode.","You’re right in a way but that seems like such a cop out. If you’re passionate about your career or something in your life, you can, and within reason should try to work towards getting better every hour of every day. Obviously you won’t every waking hour but I feel like the mindset you present is the same quicksand-like mindset that made me start getting into drugs and not living up to my full potential. Finally on the right track career wise, I still use, but idk man. Maybe I’m just projecting my own inner conflict onto you but I feel like thinking that way breeds complacency and settling for less. I’d rather shoot for the moon and hit the stars than convince myself that hitting the stars is just fine and then not even make it out of the atmosphere."
742,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Yes. I have a video on my phone of me in bed rambling about something... high as shit. My using chick took it of me to document I guess. The video won't play anymore though since I've been through so many phones and back ups, but it was defitinely eye opening. I saw it for the first time after I got clean. It helped keep me that way."
743,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Honestly, how high do you motherfuckers get? How is that in any way sustainable?"
744,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"I've recorded my bf bc whenever he gets high I cannot fucking stand him, like I literally hate his fucking guts whenever he does his big shot of the night and I constantly think about just missing with it since I'm the one who has to hit him bc he can't hit himself, especially bc I need him to not talk to or near me when I'm trying to hit myself and he just, for some reason that I haven't figured out yet, can't seem to shut the fuck up and leave me the fuck alone after I hit him and he gets high, and it's even made me miss with my shit before so he had to give me some of his to make up for it but for whatever reason he still doesn't care and that's still not enough of a risk for him to stop fucking talking to me and leave me the fuck alone so I can concentrate. Oh, but when I'm hitting him I can't talk bc if I ever try to in order to give him a taste of his own medicine he'll throw an absolute bitch fit temper tantrum and tell me he's gonna take all of my shit regardless of if I miss on him or not.

He's recorded me a couple times too and I absolutely could not fucking stand what I saw in the video either, but I usually don't get high when I do my shit bc I like to be able to stretch it out so that I don't have to be sick as much. Like I would rather split one shot into 2 and have something to wake up to than have one really good shot that I could get high off of bc I cannot do sick at all and like I know everyone says that but if I have to be sick I'll start screaming in pain tbh."
745,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"my online personality is pretty embarrassing when I'm high, good motivation to quit given how much time I spend online or on my phone. Of course at first it was all witty charisma but now it's just toxic."
746,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,Subs saved my life man.
747,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Lol yeah I used to when I shot up, on tumblr. But now I just smoke on foil. (Black).  Would blow fat clouds too. I would turn my vids into gifs. It's fun!"
748,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,At the beginning of my use my gf recorded me and I was FUCKED and she thought it was hilarious but didn't really appreciate the gravity of it at the time because I was early enough where it wasn't affecting my life yet. Looking back now it's embarrassing for me and saddening for her
749,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"What's really sad is when someone captures video/pictures of you nodding out for a while, then in and out, in and out, in and out, and in and out, ad nauseam. 

&#x200B;

It's so sad, or, at the very least, disappointing, to see yourself like that.  I mean, WHO wants to be around somebody that fucked up?  Somebody so high they can't even enjoy it because they're unconscious?"
750,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,Oh yeah. I always say ”Hope I see ya later!” then I pass out for an hour and abruptly wake up and stumble out of the cameras view.
751,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"I’m in recovery now, but I look at pictures of myself back when I was using and it makes me so sad. I looked sickly."
752,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Its very depressing and actually quite the push to quit. Especially when you see yourself days in when you collapse from sleep deprivation, malnutrition and pure exhaustion. Quite the eye opener seeing your daily self thru the eyes of everyone else."
753,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,Done it to gauge how I look and if I can pass for being sober.
754,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,I asked my bf once to record me while IVing. I needed to see myself doing it to actually believe it. I thought it would have a pedagogic effect on me afterwards.
755,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,I'm gonna try this. Always wondered how others saw me.
756,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Step 1: >I'm gonna do it more and more  
Step 2: ?????  
Step 3: Definitely not profit my dude"
757,Has anyone ever recorded themselves high?,"Officially, I've never recorded myself getting high. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.

In an alternate universe, I definitely probably didn't not film a close-up of a line being snorted just because I thought it might be fascinating to view down the road... or to serve as ""stock footage"" of using drugs.


I've definitely done a number of ""talk to the camera/camera phone"" bike rides while on dope. I probably have those videos since I don't say anything incriminating in those videos.

I wonder.....

Usually if I was doing that, I was more ""energetic"" as opposed to nodding out. Such videos often happened while riding my bicycle to work but I've done it on days off. In fact, now that I'm thinking about it.. oh shit... I gotta check a video, I wanna see if I can correlate the date to determine if I was on dope or subs at the time."
758,Lyrica enhanced opiate intoxication?,Lyrica + opiates is literally the best drug combination in my opinion.
759,Lyrica enhanced opiate intoxication?,yes its possible
760,Lyrica enhanced opiate intoxication?,yeah for sure
761,Clonidine and kratom...what do y’all do for a job?,funemployed
762,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,"My cousin used to squeeze out the liquid onto a plate, microwave it, then snort the dry powder"
763,"My cousin used to squeeze out the liquid onto a plate, microwave it, then snort the dry powder",Plenty of people have overdosed from shooting the gel from a patch. I guess its very easy to misdose
764,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,I cut a strip and fold it backwards to itself so both sides are facing out and put it in my mouth between my gums and lip . Kinda like chewing tobacco. That got me lit I nodded out found it on the floor the next day and put it back in my mouth and got loaded again lol but I was also on OC 80’s at the time so I had a lot in the old system...
765,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,Yea depending on the brand (Mylan) and if it’s not a gel patch you can cut up the strips into small pieces and put under your tongue.  It will get you blown but be careful obviously bc it can cause overdose.  I wouldn’t recommend it ever but It feels like heaven.
766,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,"I ate a fent lollipop but not a patch, that shit can be dangerous depending on the dosage so be careful my guy... I'm guessing with that name ur gonna be ok"
767,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,Years ago my mom and her coworkers would put them on their lower back and then use a blowdryer heat to make the drug release faster into their system. They use to make fent lollipops long back the opiate epidemic bullshit
768,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,I used to cut em open and just eat the gel. Be careful tho :/
769,Have any of you ever sucked on or licked a fentanyl patch? If so how did you feel afterwards?,My first 100/ug h patch i cut about a fifth of and put it on my cheek. I woke up tasting the dirtyass carpet. Dont know how close i came to oding and dieing but it was more than i could handle at the time. Dident recall a buzz just finally getten to try these to realizing i was in the middle of the floor unconcious for an hour. Home alone gf had finally left to see her mom. Took all of 15 seconds from saying bye to playing with the patch. Prob on the floor 15 minutes after. All in all glad she dident find me the next day dead on the flooor...she would have killed me lol
770,Fist fighting on Opiates?,"Stupid... I don't believe this at all but if true it was the benzos and alcohol that made you fight. Of course oxy will dull the pain.

It's hilarious you admit you got smacked up and couldn't land more than one punch... Then he pulls a round house? Lmfao. 

Hope your teeth are ok..."
771,"Stupid... I don't believe this at all but if true it was the benzos and alcohol that made you fight. Of course oxy will dull the pain.

It's hilarious you admit you got smacked up and couldn't land more than one punch... Then he pulls a round house? Lmfao. 

Hope your teeth are ok...","Right? op would’ve tapped out for sure, if he didn’t have oxy in his system after getting hit. Don’t offer people stuff or engage in conversation with random people. and you’ll probably have a better chance of not taking a “heater to the grill” whole situation could’ve been avoided if you minded your own business in my opinion."
772,Fist fighting on Opiates?,Have not personally engaged in the fisticuffs but the dude I had been seeing at the time would get the opirage and decided to fight this other dude that I was just friends with and he (my dude) ended up getting tasered on the finger and he didn’t feel it until later. But that might have just been because he was super amped up with adrenaline since he was in a fight and whatnot
773,Have not personally engaged in the fisticuffs but the dude I had been seeing at the time would get the opirage and decided to fight this other dude that I was just friends with and he (my dude) ended up getting tasered on the finger and he didn’t feel it until later. But that might have just been because he was super amped up with adrenaline since he was in a fight and whatnot,Drama........ 😜
774,Drama........ 😜,Always
775,Fist fighting on Opiates?,A lot of u being able to eat that punch is due to adrenalin
776,A lot of u being able to eat that punch is due to adrenalin,"Yup way stronger than pain meds. Op it’s like a car accident. Everything’s cool for now, but I’m sure you’re jaw won’t be feeling to good later."
777,Fist fighting on Opiates?,"Yeah. Me and my friends all took Xanax. I think like 1-2 bars each. I hardly remember what really happened.

We had 1 friend sober, driving us and we parked somewhere downtown so our friend could roll up. The 3 of us on bars got out of the car and started brawling. (No idea why) none of us seriously got hurt, one of them did have welts on his head tho. I was wearing a white hoodie, and the next morning it was completely green and brown. 

Our sober friend had no idea we were serious for the first 5 mins, and he wasn’t trying to break us 3 up when we were on bars. Lol. But yeah people get aggressive on bars"
778,Fist fighting on Opiates?,Too many times
779,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,"10mg to be safe and feel it, 15mg if you’re willing to accept the likelihood of nausea."
780,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,To the best of my knowledge weight doesn't effect opiate tolerance at all but my advice would always be to start at a low dose. You can always take more if you don't reach the desired effect you're looking for.
781,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,10-15 is sufficient for a first timer
782,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,I would go 15 just to be safe but yeah you should be fine on 30 to be honest
783,I would go 15 just to be safe but yeah you should be fine on 30 to be honest,"""Should be"" lol. I don't like that. Would I still get high on 15 though? 

One time I got a blue M ""30mg oxy"" and all it made me do was sweat and feel nauseous af. So I think it was fake?"
784,"""Should be"" lol. I don't like that. Would I still get high on 15 though? 

One time I got a blue M ""30mg oxy"" and all it made me do was sweat and feel nauseous af. So I think it was fake?",30mg is too much without tolerance.
785,"""Should be"" lol. I don't like that. Would I still get high on 15 though? 

One time I got a blue M ""30mg oxy"" and all it made me do was sweat and feel nauseous af. So I think it was fake?","Take half the 30 with a Benadryl, see how you feel after a while and take the other half if you feel up to it. I’ve always personally preferred spreading it out anyway over getting one short big blast off"
786,"""Should be"" lol. I don't like that. Would I still get high on 15 though? 

One time I got a blue M ""30mg oxy"" and all it made me do was sweat and feel nauseous af. So I think it was fake?",They're all fake bro it's a gamble no matter what
787,They're all fake bro it's a gamble no matter what,"I feel that, I wish I had a legit source to try it."
788,I would go 15 just to be safe but yeah you should be fine on 30 to be honest,30mg is way too much. I would start with 15 and increase by 5mg every 20 minutes. However I am here using irregulary since 8 months and everything above 20mg will get me sick.
789,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,"10 to 15 is what I always recommend for a first timer. You can take 10 and if you're not happy after 30 minutes take 5 more milligrams.  Or just take 15 and nod out. The other poster is right though, you might get a little nauseous. Have fun!"
790,"10 to 15 is what I always recommend for a first timer. You can take 10 and if you're not happy after 30 minutes take 5 more milligrams.  Or just take 15 and nod out. The other poster is right though, you might get a little nauseous. Have fun!","I just wanna mention that if you're not buying this directly from a pharmacy, get some test strips. Without knowing exactly where it came from can be dangerous. presses are out there and would kill someone with no tolerance"
791,"I just wanna mention that if you're not buying this directly from a pharmacy, get some test strips. Without knowing exactly where it came from can be dangerous. presses are out there and would kill someone with no tolerance","Good looking out! Any test kits you'd recommend? It's apparently ""from a pharmacy"" according to 700+ reviews tho."
792,"Good looking out! Any test kits you'd recommend? It's apparently ""from a pharmacy"" according to 700+ reviews tho.",Check out dancesafe.org. all kinds of harm reduction stuff
793,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,"15 worked for first time is a good rec, and fuck this thread reminds me how fucked all our tolerances are, even those on long breaks XD"
794,Oxy Dose For 0 Tolerance?,"Unless it’s from the pharmacy 1/4 of a pill TBH. If it’s from pharma than take 2/3 of it, maybe 25mg And save the 5mg for when u get more?"
795,"Unless it’s from the pharmacy 1/4 of a pill TBH. If it’s from pharma than take 2/3 of it, maybe 25mg And save the 5mg for when u get more?","Thanks for the advice! I don't plan on getting more though. Just want to see what an opiate high is like. I've tried many drugs but never really opiates, just want to get it out of my system and don't plan on doing anymore to be safe (I know it can be a slippery slope)."
796,Smoke or chew fent patch??,Fentanyl has in general a short half life. So there wont be any difference between chewing or smoking. But smoking them is a bit safer cause it is possible that the fent isnt everywhere the same mcg amount on the patch. For example if you got a 100mcg patch there could be in one corner 40mcg and in the other just 10mcg. And for chewing you mostly cut the patch in pieces and then you could chew on the 40mcg or the 10 mcg piece so its more likely to OD. So I would rather smoke it than chew on it.
797,Fentanyl has in general a short half life. So there wont be any difference between chewing or smoking. But smoking them is a bit safer cause it is possible that the fent isnt everywhere the same mcg amount on the patch. For example if you got a 100mcg patch there could be in one corner 40mcg and in the other just 10mcg. And for chewing you mostly cut the patch in pieces and then you could chew on the 40mcg or the 10 mcg piece so its more likely to OD. So I would rather smoke it than chew on it.,Thanks for the heads up! Been smoking them suckers all day long and i cant get enough lol
798,Fentanyl has in general a short half life. So there wont be any difference between chewing or smoking. But smoking them is a bit safer cause it is possible that the fent isnt everywhere the same mcg amount on the patch. For example if you got a 100mcg patch there could be in one corner 40mcg and in the other just 10mcg. And for chewing you mostly cut the patch in pieces and then you could chew on the 40mcg or the 10 mcg piece so its more likely to OD. So I would rather smoke it than chew on it.,Literally been smoking 10 patches of 50ug over the course of a few hours
799,Literally been smoking 10 patches of 50ug over the course of a few hours,Oh oke then ODing shouldnt be a problem.
800,Oh oke then ODing shouldnt be a problem.,Ikr. Heading to work now high as a kite
801,Ikr. Heading to work now high as a kite,Its best to work high as a kite. LOL.
802,Smoke or chew fent patch??,Chew
803,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,You’re a great writer... great story that hits home 😎
804,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"She got me stressin', singin' melodies
For her, I swear I'd catch a felony
Oh, PenelopeeEeEee"
805,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"Now think of the opposite of that and you have withdrawals:

Going to work with just a dose of codeine to tide you by as you try a taper.  I'm freezing cold yet the children at the school I work at, are all running around in t-shirts.  

The environment is so loud, the lights so bright. Every little noise makes me twitch and jump. I sit in my chair in my office, and look at all the helpdesk tickets I've ignored. Work is piling up yet I am too dead to get out of my chair.

I spend my day in work in my office, by my heater, reading reddit. Kids are fighting outside my office (which is in a main coridoor).  I wish for them to go away.

I come home, to find my parents are pissed off with me as they have found some of my codeine 60's. ""You're taking those tablets again"" they say.  As if I can just stop taking them, throw them out, no worries at all."
806,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"I'm chasing my first OC 40, where I thought I aced an interview for an awesome job, but in hindsight my eyes were probably silver dollars"
807,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,that feeling after shooting too much heroin when i start to wake up and i dont know if im dead or alive. i could be in that state forever. or just dead
808,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,Got me thinking of Penelope Cruz 😂
809,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"LOL, just getting high off opiates at all. I snorted two crushed oxys at 15mg (a 10 pill and a 5) a couple weeks ago and all I got was a mild buzz and took a nap at the end. Taking it orally just gives me nausea and itchiness.

I did get a little high off 3 tramadol once, but I think I gave away the bag I had. I don't know what happened to those fuckers."
810,"LOL, just getting high off opiates at all. I snorted two crushed oxys at 15mg (a 10 pill and a 5) a couple weeks ago and all I got was a mild buzz and took a nap at the end. Taking it orally just gives me nausea and itchiness.

I did get a little high off 3 tramadol once, but I think I gave away the bag I had. I don't know what happened to those fuckers.","sounds like opiates arent youre thing, id stop while you arent too deep into it."
811,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"oh boy, youre takin me baccckkk. it had to have been the time i got H for the first time, i had been on and off with prescription opiates, this was back in the good old day and i had just ran out of the 260 morphine 15s i got for like 180 bucks and was down to my last few hydros i  got for breaking both my arms, i wouldve been 15.. I loved that vinegar smell and taste, the ritual, everything aswell as the high. i was hooked from the start. i would go out and chill in my van at 4:30 am or so when the world was still asleep and the sun was just about to start rising, on this particular day i went out there, (it was parked in my driveway, its like those vans you see ""vanlifers"" living in with carpet and a couch, recliners and a chest table in there, the passenger seat spun around and id go out there early in the morning, a rainy day on this particular day, and i plugged my gamecube into the outlet in there and ran an extension chord from my house to my van. id then sit out there as the rain hit the roof, in my cozy suburban driveway in the PNW, playing my favorite old games, getting super nostalgic about my childhood, and smoking tar. this was back before i got big into fent and tar would actually get me high. id take a little BB sized ball and smoke that over the course of maybe 20 min and actually be nodding out. ahhh, so nostalgic. then id have my boys come over once they woke up around 9 and wed drive to the river, open the doors facing the beautiful view of the columbia river, and hotbox with weed and crack beers while id smoke a few more hits here and there throughout the day. 

&#x200B;

if only i knew where that road was taking me.. theres a pic of the van on my profile btw if u scroll far enough down i posted it on r/opiates"
812,"oh boy, youre takin me baccckkk. it had to have been the time i got H for the first time, i had been on and off with prescription opiates, this was back in the good old day and i had just ran out of the 260 morphine 15s i got for like 180 bucks and was down to my last few hydros i  got for breaking both my arms, i wouldve been 15.. I loved that vinegar smell and taste, the ritual, everything aswell as the high. i was hooked from the start. i would go out and chill in my van at 4:30 am or so when the world was still asleep and the sun was just about to start rising, on this particular day i went out there, (it was parked in my driveway, its like those vans you see ""vanlifers"" living in with carpet and a couch, recliners and a chest table in there, the passenger seat spun around and id go out there early in the morning, a rainy day on this particular day, and i plugged my gamecube into the outlet in there and ran an extension chord from my house to my van. id then sit out there as the rain hit the roof, in my cozy suburban driveway in the PNW, playing my favorite old games, getting super nostalgic about my childhood, and smoking tar. this was back before i got big into fent and tar would actually get me high. id take a little BB sized ball and smoke that over the course of maybe 20 min and actually be nodding out. ahhh, so nostalgic. then id have my boys come over once they woke up around 9 and wed drive to the river, open the doors facing the beautiful view of the columbia river, and hotbox with weed and crack beers while id smoke a few more hits here and there throughout the day. 

&#x200B;

if only i knew where that road was taking me.. theres a pic of the van on my profile btw if u scroll far enough down i posted it on r/opiates",You'll have plenty of time to smoke doobies when you're living in a van down by the river...
813,"oh boy, youre takin me baccckkk. it had to have been the time i got H for the first time, i had been on and off with prescription opiates, this was back in the good old day and i had just ran out of the 260 morphine 15s i got for like 180 bucks and was down to my last few hydros i  got for breaking both my arms, i wouldve been 15.. I loved that vinegar smell and taste, the ritual, everything aswell as the high. i was hooked from the start. i would go out and chill in my van at 4:30 am or so when the world was still asleep and the sun was just about to start rising, on this particular day i went out there, (it was parked in my driveway, its like those vans you see ""vanlifers"" living in with carpet and a couch, recliners and a chest table in there, the passenger seat spun around and id go out there early in the morning, a rainy day on this particular day, and i plugged my gamecube into the outlet in there and ran an extension chord from my house to my van. id then sit out there as the rain hit the roof, in my cozy suburban driveway in the PNW, playing my favorite old games, getting super nostalgic about my childhood, and smoking tar. this was back before i got big into fent and tar would actually get me high. id take a little BB sized ball and smoke that over the course of maybe 20 min and actually be nodding out. ahhh, so nostalgic. then id have my boys come over once they woke up around 9 and wed drive to the river, open the doors facing the beautiful view of the columbia river, and hotbox with weed and crack beers while id smoke a few more hits here and there throughout the day. 

&#x200B;

if only i knew where that road was taking me.. theres a pic of the van on my profile btw if u scroll far enough down i posted it on r/opiates",that sounds beautiful...i pictured myself there.
814,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"Just the first shot of the day man, that sweet first shot"
815,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,Good story bro! I enjoyed that.
816,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,You're an amazing writer. This left me wanting to read more about your experiences.
817,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"I would say the first time I ever nodded honestly. 2 opana 40s off the DNM. I was so goddman sick tho, it was barely worth it. 

Or the first shot I ever did. I just remember time stopped, and the music I had playing was all that was left. Everything went dark, and I woke up a couple hours later with a dry ass mouth and pounding headache."
818,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"I chased a meth high once.  Caught it on day 3.  Haven't fucked with it much since then, why bother?"
819,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"My first percs from when I got my wisdom teeth out when I was 17. I felt like a numb god playing video games. I'd get a good 8-10 matches of team deathmatch on Call of Duty in before I'd come down from one 5mg perc lol.

First few lines of dilaudid were godly too, zonked for a solid 90 min best body high ever

Been blowing my bank pretty much chasing it ever since, sometimes I get close but it's never worth it."
820,What is the high you’ve been chasing since you’ve started using?,"It was around the year 2000 , there was a foot of snow outside and I was sitting by the fire. I had discovered opiates and The Lord of the Rings. I think that was probably the zenith of childhood before the jarring cusp of reality and adulthood. I’m very happy now, but if I was forced to choose to relive one moment over and over again - it would probably be around there. I’m definitely romanticizing it in my head as things were not all good at that time, but it was before opiates kicked my ass and forced me to realize just how life altering they can be."
821,Am I fucked?,Adderall saved me and u don’t have to wait much longer now
822,Adderall saved me and u don’t have to wait much longer now,How did adderall save you?
823,How did adderall save you?,"You need 7 Xanax to comedown?
Yikes!!
The main thing that I had/have to have when I get up, is drive energyand motivation. That was the main thing I was gonna miss and a reason not to quit. 
When I told the sub dr that and told him that sometimes I could fall asleep standing. I work on elevators so that a big fuck no. He put me on adderall 60mg/ day and that got me back in the game. I’m not naive. It’s probably not something a recovering drug addict should be able to get there hands on but whatever I’ve been on them legally for 1.5yrs and fuck yea,  Ive been known to take the last 3 2weeks before my refill is available. But I’m a fuck up when it comes to drugs so what do ya expect. I’m not banging dope in my arms. But one thing at a time"
824,Am I fucked?,My sub doctor wouldn't let me start until benzos were out. U will most likely get tested..
825,Am I fucked?,Many of us have gona lot longer than what ur talking about
826,Am I fucked?,"Why would you go thru detox, and then go get re addicted to opiates with subs? Makes no sense bro. If youre already clean and out of the detox center then youre already over the most of the acute wds. Just tough it out another week and youll be feeling good again.

The whole point of subs is for people to switch to them without going thru detox then take the subs every day to replace shooting dope.  By starying subs youre eventuallu gonna have to detox off them eventually and sub detox is worse than dope detox."
827,"Why would you go thru detox, and then go get re addicted to opiates with subs? Makes no sense bro. If youre already clean and out of the detox center then youre already over the most of the acute wds. Just tough it out another week and youll be feeling good again.

The whole point of subs is for people to switch to them without going thru detox then take the subs every day to replace shooting dope.  By starying subs youre eventuallu gonna have to detox off them eventually and sub detox is worse than dope detox.","No. The first sub clinic I called said I had to detox before I could be in the program. As in, not having dope/fent/whatever in my system before I could join so I did I went to detox. Weird how they were giving me 8mg subutex in a detox place"
828,Would taking kratom while withdrawing from suboxone pro long how long I withdrawal for?,Short answer is yes. Long answer is its worth it. Just quit the kratom after a week or two and its not too bad. Or stay on for maintenance. Imo its better than subs and methadone bc youre basically sober and the wd isnt nearly as bad.
829,Short answer is yes. Long answer is its worth it. Just quit the kratom after a week or two and its not too bad. Or stay on for maintenance. Imo its better than subs and methadone bc youre basically sober and the wd isnt nearly as bad.,Okay thanks for the response. I'll do that
830,Short answer is yes. Long answer is its worth it. Just quit the kratom after a week or two and its not too bad. Or stay on for maintenance. Imo its better than subs and methadone bc youre basically sober and the wd isnt nearly as bad.,So I can fully get thru the suboxone withdrawals while on kratom then after a week or 2 I'll just have to deal with kratom withdrawals?
831,So I can fully get thru the suboxone withdrawals while on kratom then after a week or 2 I'll just have to deal with kratom withdrawals?,Yeah pretty much. I'd go at least 2 weeks. Bc sub wds are brutally long. Taper the kratom and the wd will be mild.
832,Would taking kratom while withdrawing from suboxone pro long how long I withdrawal for?,"My issue with Subutex is I'll be on it forever. Even my GP knows I can get high from it, by going 48hrs without and potentiating with diphenhydramine. That's why they won't give me z-drugs, cyclizine or anything above a week's worth of 2mg (two?!) diazepam."
833,Will kratom get me high?,"Yea, do around 4 g and you should feel a mild buzz"
834,Will kratom get me high?,"It's a different type buzz, but yeah itll give you something and 4gs sounds about right. I take 6 everytime I use it now but I'm taking it for chronic pain.Just look like dope I'm hooked on this shit now....."
835,"It's a different type buzz, but yeah itll give you something and 4gs sounds about right. I take 6 everytime I use it now but I'm taking it for chronic pain.Just look like dope I'm hooked on this shit now.....",How comparable to dope is it
836,Will kratom get me high?,"Personally, I dont think it compares at all, it helps with my chronic back pain, if it werent for that I'd not take it at all. Dont get me wrong, it will give you a rush, burst if energy, but it's not my type of burst. Like, these energy drinks and speedy pills I will not touch, adderall I'll take all day. Its just that difference for me."
837,"Personally, I dont think it compares at all, it helps with my chronic back pain, if it werent for that I'd not take it at all. Dont get me wrong, it will give you a rush, burst if energy, but it's not my type of burst. Like, these energy drinks and speedy pills I will not touch, adderall I'll take all day. Its just that difference for me.","Damn that sucks, I wanted it to be very opioid like with nodding and euphoria."
838,Will kratom get me high?,You may like it? Just cause I dont think it's the same doesn't mean it wont work for you...
839,Will kratom get me high?,It may get you a small buzz. It may help kill some pain. But kratom is not a drug in the sense its gonna get you happily loaded. Too much and the wobbles make you wanna throw up very nasty powder . i take an ounce a day. I dont love it. Im better off with it. And i ussually wish i had a real drug. Kratoms great at what it is though. A tool.
840,Do yall think this will work?,This is the best thing I've approved for a while. Thanks for the luls
841,This is the best thing I've approved for a while. Thanks for the luls,ty my legacy was not for naught
842,This is the best thing I've approved for a while. Thanks for the luls,You're approving trash now? Wow the quality of this sub is declining. And here we thought poor spin was the problem ;)
843,You're approving trash now? Wow the quality of this sub is declining. And here we thought poor spin was the problem ;),"One man's trash is another man's treasure 

Don't @ me"
844,"One man's trash is another man's treasure 

Don't @ me","One man's rash is another man's pleasure 

At urself lame-o"
845,"One man's rash is another man's pleasure 

At urself lame-o","Girl ur fuckin engaged. Don't talk about my rash like that in public. 

I'M FUCKIN SENSITIVE"
846,"Girl ur fuckin engaged. Don't talk about my rash like that in public. 

I'M FUCKIN SENSITIVE","He says she's engaged, she says shes deranged 

I'll talk about your rashy skin, and your every degenerate sin 

Everyone's trash, but never gonna crash"
847,"He says she's engaged, she says shes deranged 

I'll talk about your rashy skin, and your every degenerate sin 

Everyone's trash, but never gonna crash","You may not be a brother, but you're a daddy 

Man, you sure'd be tasty, on a krabby paddy 

I'd love to eat that meat, to the beat 

Of that love makin' from lpd's honeymoon suite"
848,"You may not be a brother, but you're a daddy 

Man, you sure'd be tasty, on a krabby paddy 

I'd love to eat that meat, to the beat 

Of that love makin' from lpd's honeymoon suite","I'm actually your mother, but still call me daddy 

Dopamine. I'm pasty pale. In a white pimped out caddy. 

Get out of my seat, or you won't get to eat

Lpd got shot in my bad mood defeat

I hope you like dead brains on whole wheat

Goodbye for now, the end is sweet

I don't know how to anything so lather rinse repeat 

---

Back to the start do you think this will work 

I'll stomp on your heart and make your head go berserk 

I'm back in the trash. Where I originate 

I'll be back in a flash. It's time to die, can't be late"
849,Do yall think this will work?,"why not save society the burden and just throw your damn self in the trash? cmon, degenerate. all or nothing."
850,"why not save society the burden and just throw your damn self in the trash? cmon, degenerate. all or nothing.",fuck that's hardcore
851,fuck that's hardcore,"a hXc poem for you, my friend:

go hard or...

 go dig your own grave, 

because youre junkie trash 

and theres  nothing left to save?"
852,"a hXc poem for you, my friend:

go hard or...

 go dig your own grave, 

because youre junkie trash 

and theres  nothing left to save?",still got my next fix
853,still got my next fix,"narcan party, pumpkin. welcome back to hell"
854,"narcan party, pumpkin. welcome back to hell","""I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE"""
855,"""I want to get off MR BONES WILD RIDE""","we dont get off here except one stop, wild thing. one way ticket to satan's sanctuary, it is."
856,"why not save society the burden and just throw your damn self in the trash? cmon, degenerate. all or nothing.",I have commitment problems
857,I have commitment problems,you came to the wrong party i think. dope addiction is a pretty fulltime committment. yikes homie
858,you came to the wrong party i think. dope addiction is a pretty fulltime committment. yikes homie,"oh im married to the game 

tell u what, you shoot your bupe in your neck and I'll throw myself in the trash"
859,"oh im married to the game 

tell u what, you shoot your bupe in your neck and I'll throw myself in the trash","how about i just go cop some FIRE dope.  fire relapse... but in my neck, cause were going all the way. then you throw yourself away. (but ill narcan you as soon as you climb in haha sucker)"
860,"how about i just go cop some FIRE dope.  fire relapse... but in my neck, cause were going all the way. then you throw yourself away. (but ill narcan you as soon as you climb in haha sucker)","oh god ur speaking to my inner masochist now

stay strong homie"
861,"oh god ur speaking to my inner masochist now

stay strong homie","if you were strong you would be deader than me but youre not so my dicks bigger and i hope your pussy can stay strong, homie"
862,"if you were strong you would be deader than me but youre not so my dicks bigger and i hope your pussy can stay strong, homie","damn L u get angry when ur clean

Im still rooting for u"
863,"damn L u get angry when ur clean

Im still rooting for u","lmao ive been ""clean"" for a minute now, i dont think this is residual sobriety anger. bad pain night :/ 

thx though.  ill always root for you, too. trash or no trash. ;P"
864,Do yall think this will work?,lol. this is the funniest thing I've read in a while
865,Can i 'dab' heroin with an electronic dab rig?,"I’ve used dab rigs before, so I would think it would work... just try it out with not too much, and don’t heat it up too fast too quick"
866,Can i 'dab' heroin with an electronic dab rig?,"The temperature plays the main role, does your rig reach a high enough temperature for heroin to become volatile?"
867,"The temperature plays the main role, does your rig reach a high enough temperature for heroin to become volatile?",yes for sure
868,Can i 'dab' heroin with an electronic dab rig?,"too hot, no temp control

I've tried it a lot trust me it's a waste"
869,Are tecs good Percocet?,5/325
870,5/325,??? That's means 5mg oxycodone 325mg acetaminophen? New 2 percs
871,??? That's means 5mg oxycodone 325mg acetaminophen? New 2 percs,yes
872,Are tecs good Percocet?,"You’re talking about the Teva ones right?  I’ve only ever had them as 5mg ones, not sure if they make em any bigger, and 5mg is the lowest Perc size, but they are Percocet, they have Oxycodone in em and do the trick.  Not sure what you’re really asking?"
873,"You’re talking about the Teva ones right?  I’ve only ever had them as 5mg ones, not sure if they make em any bigger, and 5mg is the lowest Perc size, but they are Percocet, they have Oxycodone in em and do the trick.  Not sure what you’re really asking?",My bad lol kinds slumped off lean just wanted to know what the dose was so id know how many to take
874,My bad lol kinds slumped off lean just wanted to know what the dose was so id know how many to take,"Lean is mad ghey.  If you’re slumped off lean, though, sounds like your tolerance is weak enough that 5mg of Oxy would likely get you.  If you’re ever wondering dosage, just Google that shit.  You can identify just about any pill you can think of with Google (and if you don’t find it on Google it’s likely either a supplement or something you really don’t want to fuck with)."
875,"Lean is mad ghey.  If you’re slumped off lean, though, sounds like your tolerance is weak enough that 5mg of Oxy would likely get you.  If you’re ever wondering dosage, just Google that shit.  You can identify just about any pill you can think of with Google (and if you don’t find it on Google it’s likely either a supplement or something you really don’t want to fuck with).",Yeah true thanks for da advice brother. Tolerance isn't too weak tho I've been sipping allot recent to get high.
876,Yeah true thanks for da advice brother. Tolerance isn't too weak tho I've been sipping allot recent to get high.,unless u sippin pdp or tuss pr some CANADIAN BRAND ur sippin fu
877,unless u sippin pdp or tuss pr some CANADIAN BRAND ur sippin fu,Par..not every pint in Canada is fake just a majority. u can't just assume sum stupid like dat brother 😂😂. Long as u got the rigjt plugs ur good
878,Par..not every pint in Canada is fake just a majority. u can't just assume sum stupid like dat brother 😂😂. Long as u got the rigjt plugs ur good,idk bro going thru ur profile ur shit not lookin proper
879,idk bro going thru ur profile ur shit not lookin proper,all bless only got fake juice once
880,all bless only got fake juice once,i hear u bro but u shouldnt be getting any fake juice period tho stick to canadian brands they taste better n are stronger anw
881,i hear u bro but u shouldnt be getting any fake juice period tho stick to canadian brands they taste better n are stronger anw,True enough fam definately gonna start sipping Canadian brands more
882,Yeah true thanks for da advice brother. Tolerance isn't too weak tho I've been sipping allot recent to get high.,"I’m saying if you get high off lean, any amount of lean, Percocet will do the trick.  Back at the height of my addiction I bought two bottles of lean just to see what the fuss was about.  After a bottle of that shit I felt nothing other than drowsy."
883,Are tecs good Percocet?,"there all the same in Canada, doesnt make any difference"
884,Are tecs good Percocet?,TEC are my favourite! Your lucky those are real expensive where I am.
885,Does alcohol potentiate opiates/oxycodone? I was drunk 3 hours ago from 3 beers but can't sleep now that they wore off. Safe to take 20mg oxy?,"Yes alcohol and opiates are very synergistic and potentiate each other. This is a multiplicative effect, not an additive. So you could be in danger mixing them. If you have opiate tolerance you should be perfectly fine assuming you drank ur last drink 3 hrs ago.

Edit: benzos, dxm and dph, promethazine and other antihistamines potentiate opiates. Would not at all recommend using benzos for this purpose but I do it whenever i have opiates anyways. Very dangerous"
886,Does alcohol potentiate opiates/oxycodone? I was drunk 3 hours ago from 3 beers but can't sleep now that they wore off. Safe to take 20mg oxy?,If you can get your hands on some seroquil or geodon youll be knocked on your ass for 10 hours. Best sleep youll ever get
887,Does alcohol potentiate opiates/oxycodone? I was drunk 3 hours ago from 3 beers but can't sleep now that they wore off. Safe to take 20mg oxy?,If you do decide to mix the two make sure you have some Oxsee for the next day because the hangover will be worse than a normal hangover
888,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"No, shits mad weak."
889,"No, shits mad weak.","If you're using that much kratom, tramadol won't be worth it for you. Also, please remember the risk of seizure activity increases if you get to 400 mg a day."
890,"If you're using that much kratom, tramadol won't be worth it for you. Also, please remember the risk of seizure activity increases if you get to 400 mg a day.","Yea, so, you want to reply to the post and not my comment.  You’re doing Reddit wrong."
891,"No, shits mad weak.",Thanks for replying.
892,Thanks for replying.,"Of course!  Hope it was helpful, lol?  Tramadol is really weak, I’ve taken a bottle of it before and felt nothing.  Apparently it has a ceiling so if you dose more than a certain amount it won’t do anything, but it also has the potential to cause seizures.  It’s a super weak Opiate without a lot of abuse potential and has the risk of seizures so all around no bueno."
893,"Of course!  Hope it was helpful, lol?  Tramadol is really weak, I’ve taken a bottle of it before and felt nothing.  Apparently it has a ceiling so if you dose more than a certain amount it won’t do anything, but it also has the potential to cause seizures.  It’s a super weak Opiate without a lot of abuse potential and has the risk of seizures so all around no bueno.","Yeah, I'm just going to pop 2 on my morning ride back to the airport on my vacation to hopefully numb the pain of leaving the tropical beaches of SE Asia haha

Thanks again and have a great day!"
894,"Yeah, I'm just going to pop 2 on my morning ride back to the airport on my vacation to hopefully numb the pain of leaving the tropical beaches of SE Asia haha

Thanks again and have a great day!","Likewise!  I took 60 of the 50mg ones in a roughly 18 hour period and felt nothing.  Hope you have better results, though!"
895,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,Personally I like codeine mkre than tramadol
896,Personally I like codeine mkre than tramadol,Really??  How interesting since the research I've done seems to show tramadol is stronger.  Can I ask why and what dosage of codeine you use?  Thanks so much for your reply
897,Really??  How interesting since the research I've done seems to show tramadol is stronger.  Can I ask why and what dosage of codeine you use?  Thanks so much for your reply,"No i dont think so. If you type in ""is tramadol stronger than hydrocodone"", google and other websites say hydro is stronger. But tramadol is weird. Many people say its garbage and dont get any opiate high. But some enjoy it. Everybody is different. Every time I tried it. I didn't get anything from it. And im clean now and only done codeine a handful of times but always enjoyed it. When I had strep throat i got a bottle of codeine and promethazine i drank the whole thing and had a great time lol with not much tolerance. I think it was over 200 mg of codeine. I bet you'd get a nice buzz from 90-120mg of codeine. Codeine is semi synthetic while tramadol is fully sysnthic if that makes a difference. Plus tramadol messes with your serotonin too"
898,"No i dont think so. If you type in ""is tramadol stronger than hydrocodone"", google and other websites say hydro is stronger. But tramadol is weird. Many people say its garbage and dont get any opiate high. But some enjoy it. Everybody is different. Every time I tried it. I didn't get anything from it. And im clean now and only done codeine a handful of times but always enjoyed it. When I had strep throat i got a bottle of codeine and promethazine i drank the whole thing and had a great time lol with not much tolerance. I think it was over 200 mg of codeine. I bet you'd get a nice buzz from 90-120mg of codeine. Codeine is semi synthetic while tramadol is fully sysnthic if that makes a difference. Plus tramadol messes with your serotonin too",thanks so much for the thoughtful reply....really good take on this.  I will try CWE and try to get 200mg of codeine without the Advil.  Thanks again
899,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,How often do you take Opiates? Would you consider yourself to have a high tolerance?
900,How often do you take Opiates? Would you consider yourself to have a high tolerance?,"I sporadically go through phases...for the past week I've been using 20g a day of Kratom and no ""official"" opiates.  When I do get my hands on Oxy...a single 30mg is perfect and I will take one in the morning and then another 30mg 5 hours later.  So not a high tolerance, but not a super low one either I guess?  Thanks for helping"
901,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"I wouldn’t say it’s worth it. Bit others enjoy it so you never know 🤷‍♂️😁 I used to eat 50mg, then 100mg every half hour up to 500mg

And iv snorted, doesn’t feel much better, just hurts a bit cunty 👍🏻"
902,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,No
903,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"My wife takes tramadol up to 800mg daily because of an accident she had, she has been on it for over 10 years now.She started on a 400mg daily dose. I sometimes get those to feel a little buzz, I have to take 4 50mg at the same time, sometimes mixed with vodka LOL. For me they are decent and if it is recreationally they do the job for me."
904,"My wife takes tramadol up to 800mg daily because of an accident she had, she has been on it for over 10 years now.She started on a 400mg daily dose. I sometimes get those to feel a little buzz, I have to take 4 50mg at the same time, sometimes mixed with vodka LOL. For me they are decent and if it is recreationally they do the job for me.",800mg is double the seizure threshold dose... she is at high risk for a seizure taking that much seriously.
905,800mg is double the seizure threshold dose... she is at high risk for a seizure taking that much seriously.,"I thought the same, she has been on it for years now and she would leave me or kill the dog before droping the dose. Her doctor doesn´t seem to be worried so, she is fine for now I guess."
906,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"If you don’t have a tolerance and it’s cheap, hell yeah go grab some, just remember it’s also a SNRI(iirc)
Soma(carisprodol) is supposed to potentiate it very heavily too btw"
907,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,As someone sensitive to opiates 2 50mg gets me
908,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"For me it's been perfect for me for recreation. I've been on trams for 12 years and haven't had any problems with them. I dose 250mg to 300mg at a time, then again 3 hrs later. After that I'm perfect for awhile."
909,"For me it's been perfect for me for recreation. I've been on trams for 12 years and haven't had any problems with them. I dose 250mg to 300mg at a time, then again 3 hrs later. After that I'm perfect for awhile.","i was just like that too and then one day several years in, bam seizure. 5 days later another. be careful, youre going over threshold which im sure you obv know already."
910,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"I can tell you:

Depends.

Tramadol **can** be amazing recreationally. Really. But not for everyone. Some people swear to god that Tramadol gives them a oxy like high (without tolerance obviously) ans some people don't feel it at all."
911,Tramadol...worth it recreationally?,"Tramadol and codeine. Each to their own I'm afraid. Try them and see.

Tramadol does shit all for me, and I'm prone to seizures so whenever I use it to bridge buprenorphine gaps I never go above 100mg per day. I've never got high from it. Sadly that's all my parents get now. No more unlimited codeine, then dihydrocodeine, then morphine, then fentanyl patches. Just Tramadol. 

Same with dihydrocodeine, on its own, I have never gotten high from it. Just a huge histamine reaction.

Now codeine is another story. I am an extremely efficient metaboliser so 32 hours off Subutex 300mg of codeine will give me a good buzz.

I have found codeine and dihydrocodeine to have good synergy for me. I find adding 200/300mg dihydrocodeine to the same codeine dose enhances the buzz, warmth and duration of the experience. I find with standard hayfever OTC anti-histamines it will dramatically reduce the histamine reaction.

Try everything you can in small doses to see what fits you. Each of us has a unique biochemistry and neurochemistry so each and every drug will affect each of us differently."
912,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"I've punished many a toilet in my hay-days of using... I notice Methadone tends to clog toilets the most for myself.  Lol, definitely a satisfying scenario when u r finally free of a 6lb block o waste 😒"
913,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"I smell you. I have an old lady living below me and when my toilet gets blocked she gets annoyed at me.  It's embarrassing. I don't even put tissue down there anymore and have to be sure to cut em up if they're too big... My neighbour seems to have trouble telling me though, which probably inconveniences her more than it does me seeing as I tend to smell the issue after she does. I mean absolutely, she shouldn't have to smell my shit, but she has to tell me there's an issue for me to be able to sort it out. I think she's nervous of me or something but still she could leave a note or put one through my letterbox. 

I find it's best to start by holding a large bucket of water about chest height then pouring it all at once into the bowl, that usually will dislodge stuff due to the pressure. Failing that some sort of acid designed for the problem. Can get strong sulphuric acid here which dissolves pretty much anything alive or dead, for now at least. That always does the trick but I'm not sure how good it is for the pipes or environment (not to mention my relations with my neighbour), so I try to make this a last resort."
914,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,My cousin had this snake contraption looks like a fucking scythe you stick it in there rotate the thing on the top and it extends and spins destroying the shit (she didn’t even do opiates so that’s concerning that she needed this every time)
915,My cousin had this snake contraption looks like a fucking scythe you stick it in there rotate the thing on the top and it extends and spins destroying the shit (she didn’t even do opiates so that’s concerning that she needed this every time),Hahaha gross 🤮
916,My cousin had this snake contraption looks like a fucking scythe you stick it in there rotate the thing on the top and it extends and spins destroying the shit (she didn’t even do opiates so that’s concerning that she needed this every time),That's called a toilet auger.  As a plumber and also addict they come in handy.
917,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,I know people that have put their hand in their butt and broken the poop up from inside of them that way you can make it come out easier because it's a hard dry rock that is stuck. This lifestyle is not glamorous
918,I know people that have put their hand in their butt and broken the poop up from inside of them that way you can make it come out easier because it's a hard dry rock that is stuck. This lifestyle is not glamorous,"I tried that once in the early years of my addiction. I did it in the shower tho. I tried pulling it out. It didn't work. I ended up going to the ER because i hadn't shit in days and was starting to feel sick. I had to give an enema to myself because I could tell the nurse had zero interest in doing it and I felt bad for her. That was probably the worst it's ever been for me. Now I just kinda grit my teeth and try to get it over with as quickly as possible, tho I try not to push too hard. But the relief afterwards is a high all it's own. You get this massive release of endorphins and feel so relaxed and satisfied"
919,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"no, just you 

but go ahead and source your plunger here if you want. maybe youll find the winner"
920,"no, just you 

but go ahead and source your plunger here if you want. maybe youll find the winner",My hands do the best work 😜😩💕
921,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,Dude... wtf is wrong with yall? Lmao take fiber pills you retards
922,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,Omg 😂 i thought i was the o ly one. My shits are rock hard. The feelimg when you finallyget one out is better then sex
923,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,Yep used to dread my weekly shit.  Actually when I was three days off Suboxone and fentanyl I completely fucked my buddies toilet... Had to call a plumber .  Ain't been constipated since .  At least not on that level .
924,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"lmfao I just had my first experience with this, had the opi shits before but nowhere near like this. A straight week of hammering codeine at 300mg+ per day and half a pack of glycerin suppositories = armageddon for my toilet bowl."
925,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"I don’t really clog my toilet, but my asshole clogs up. I get a fat turd butt plug that blocks shit from coming out sometimes. It’s a pain in the ass, literally and figuratively."
926,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,You have to flush a time or four in the middle of your shit. Still softeners are good too - I take them regularly.
927,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"I have Crohn's - I used to switch a lot between extreme diarrhoea and shits so hard you'd damn near break the loo.

Took me five hours to have one, two nights post-surgery as it was so large and I couldn't bear down.

Between the two I'd take extremely large hard shits. You bare down, 10 seconds later it's over. A minute later pains are gone, blood is gone.  


Bad diarrhoea could take 20 mins to get out and you'd feel unclean for hours."
928,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,Dine this twice in the oast month wasnt fun. I reccomend stool softners and laxatives make sure you hane nithing to do for 24hrs everything will come out of you amd i mean everything.
929,Dine this twice in the oast month wasnt fun. I reccomend stool softners and laxatives make sure you hane nithing to do for 24hrs everything will come out of you amd i mean everything.,"I had more than 1 doctor tell me to stay away from softeners and laxatives so long as I'm on opiates. They said that my body is already dealing with constipation due to the opiates and if I were to start using laxatives or stool softeners, my body would get used to having them and when I didnt have them, the constipation would be even worse than it is currently. They said to just grin and bear it. So I've listened to them. Every once in a blue moon, I'll get that magnesium citrate. It's like the atomic bomb of laxatives and will clean out your insides like nothing else."
930,Anybody else tired of clogging the toilet EVERY DAMN TIME from opi shits?,"LPT: Leave a bottle of cheap dish detergent (eg. Dawn) in your bathroom. Total ~~life~~ toilet saver.

Edit: You can trust me, I'm the 'Burglar of Turds'"
931,Can you drink alcohol 12 hrs after last H dose?,Yeah you’ll be fine dude
932,Can you drink alcohol 12 hrs after last H dose?,"As said before, yes you can get drunk. The half life of H is about 6-8 hours. So you will be fine. But if you start feeling uncomfortable then you should stop drimking. Better be safe than sorry dude. Anyways have fun buddy."
933,Can you drink alcohol 12 hrs after last H dose?,lol.  I used to snort lines of dope at the bar.
934,What's the difference between heroin?,The #3 form is the freebase and #4 is the water soluble salt.
935,The #3 form is the freebase and #4 is the water soluble salt.,So #3 is brown and #4 is white?
936,So #3 is brown and #4 is white?,"No. Color has to do with the production process not what type it is. #4 can be tan, grey, white and whatever in between"
937,What's the difference between heroin?,The #3 you have to mix up with citric acid if you wanna shoot it. Were as #4 you can usually just mix with water and go from there. So 4 is usually a lot easier to deal with imo.
938,The #3 you have to mix up with citric acid if you wanna shoot it. Were as #4 you can usually just mix with water and go from there. So 4 is usually a lot easier to deal with imo.,What about smoking and snorting? I'm guessing #3 is easier to smoke but worse to snort.
939,What about smoking and snorting? I'm guessing #3 is easier to smoke but worse to snort.,You can snort #3 if you want and it'll work to an extent but I'm not sure why you'd want to considering smoking heroin on foil is fucking amazing.
940,What about smoking and snorting? I'm guessing #3 is easier to smoke but worse to snort.,"I believe you are right there. 
I am a snorter myself, and I have gotten plenty high off snortin both #3 & #4 before. I’ve even snorted BTH and gotten pretty litty."
941,What's the difference between heroin?,The purity and the way it was cooked
942,The purity and the way it was cooked,"This...sort of.  It’s the purity, the place of origin, and the process by which the Heroin is made/extracted from the poppy sap."
943,How long after H usage is it safe to drink?,Yeh man youl be sweet 👍🏻
944,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"that's the desired effect. i like to refer to ODing as ""falling out"" because that's what a true overdose is...when you suddenly pass out and are incapable of waking up...when you need to function, nodding is undesirable obviously"
945,"that's the desired effect. i like to refer to ODing as ""falling out"" because that's what a true overdose is...when you suddenly pass out and are incapable of waking up...when you need to function, nodding is undesirable obviously","I wouldn’t say it’s the desired effect, nodding actually is a minor overdose.  I prefer not to nod actually and, from a discussion recently had on here, a lot of folks prefer not to nod and just get high to the level right before a nod so you can actually enjoy and remember it."
946,"I wouldn’t say it’s the desired effect, nodding actually is a minor overdose.  I prefer not to nod actually and, from a discussion recently had on here, a lot of folks prefer not to nod and just get high to the level right before a nod so you can actually enjoy and remember it.","I'd call nodding an undesired (depending who you ask) **side-effect** before a minor OD

Homie was on point with falling out. If you catch yourself catching some z's vs waking up in the corner of the room you were in on the floor and not being able to move there's a difference you feel me?"
947,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"When you ""nod"", you can be easily snapped out of it and be moderately coherant. A nodding person will snap out of it if they start to fall over or something like that. When you OD, you become unresponsive - usually called ""falling out"" as opposed to nodding. Nodding doesn't mean you're falling out by any means."
948,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"I think it depends on how you use the word overdose. If you're going to use it in a medically technical way, there are non lethal overdoses. A non lethal overdose can most certainly happen. A lethal overdose is when it's gotten to the point that your body can no longer breathe at all. I don't know if nodding is part of that. I never thought it was because of decreased respiration. I thought it was because of increased somnolence, which is basically just sleepiness. A common side effect of opiates"
949,"I think it depends on how you use the word overdose. If you're going to use it in a medically technical way, there are non lethal overdoses. A non lethal overdose can most certainly happen. A lethal overdose is when it's gotten to the point that your body can no longer breathe at all. I don't know if nodding is part of that. I never thought it was because of decreased respiration. I thought it was because of increased somnolence, which is basically just sleepiness. A common side effect of opiates","wouldn't it be correct to say that if you didn't want to nod, that a nod would be a sign of a mild overdose?"
950,"wouldn't it be correct to say that if you didn't want to nod, that a nod would be a sign of a mild overdose?","Yea.  By definition the medication is supposed to relieve pain. Anything else are unwanted side effects. An increase in dosage make certain unwanted side effects more common. What we would consider the nod is a very mild overdose (thats the way i understood  it anyway). But not overdose on the way people think of it, not like falling out"
951,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"depends what you're looking for from your opiate experience (pain-killing or an actual nod-out). if you don't want to nod out, then nodding out is an OD, but not an emergency. just use less next time. if you want to nod out, I would have a sitter with you who is not going to be on anywhere near as much, if any, of the drug, who will have narcan on hand to use in case you go from nodding out to falling out."
952,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"If you are just nodding you'll wake up in a slumped over nodding position.

If you barely od, just reach the threshold, you'll wake up on the ground, confused by how you got there; no recollection of falling to the ground.

In my experience you somehow never fall over when only nodding -- it's like anti-gravity mode. But when you ""fall out"" you literally hit the ground."
953,"If you are just nodding you'll wake up in a slumped over nodding position.

If you barely od, just reach the threshold, you'll wake up on the ground, confused by how you got there; no recollection of falling to the ground.

In my experience you somehow never fall over when only nodding -- it's like anti-gravity mode. But when you ""fall out"" you literally hit the ground.","PSA, dont let yourself slump over while nodding. You can cut off circulation to your arms or legs and permanently cripple yourself. It's happened to many and it's truly horrific. Do it in a couch or bed."
954,"PSA, dont let yourself slump over while nodding. You can cut off circulation to your arms or legs and permanently cripple yourself. It's happened to many and it's truly horrific. Do it in a couch or bed.",Very true. Valuable PSA.
955,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"Really anything over an intended dose is considered an OD, it doesn’t have to be life threatening.
I personally prefer doses that don’t make you nod, but the occasional nod can be nice if you have nothing to do.
If someone’s breathing gets really shallow or stops and they are unresponsive is where things get dangerous. Some people also asphyxiate if they nod in a position that blocks their breathing fyi, so if you’re concerned about someone but they are not in any obvious danger just lay em back so they aren’t slumped over straining their breathing"
956,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,[deleted]
957,[deleted],"I agree, I never nod out when l use; I’d rather enjoy being high and do shit than fall in and out of sleep for a few hours.

NoNodSquad"
958,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,No
959,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"Everyone has a different opinion on this really. Personally, no"
960,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,no
961,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,Nodding is just a part of being a junky imo
962,Is nodding out a sign of OD?,"No,its the sign if a good time."
963,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,"do you value your life at all? first time user... come on. even heroin alone is strong for a virgin. the fent that also likely is there either to or against your dboys knowledge, can be death real easy. please be careful. its almost impossible you have 100% straight up dope. treat it like fent.."
964,"do you value your life at all? first time user... come on. even heroin alone is strong for a virgin. the fent that also likely is there either to or against your dboys knowledge, can be death real easy. please be careful. its almost impossible you have 100% straight up dope. treat it like fent..","It’s a light high honestly, did three small sized bumps and I’m chillin."
965,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,Gotta better chance of getting the original fruit loops shapes back then no fent in ya dope
966,Gotta better chance of getting the original fruit loops shapes back then no fent in ya dope,in our area thats true..unless you're not from the 617
967,in our area thats true..unless you're not from the 617,Born and bred
968,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,Get a tester at your local needle exchange if you have them
969,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,"Never trust a drug dealer.  Light brown is normally ECP and likely there is some real Heroin in there, but Fent is pretty prevalent in ECP.  You’ll never have 100% by the way, but there is 93-94% shit out there (speaking from experience).

Only way to be completely sure is to test it.  Second best is to taste it or micro dose it, but as you’re a first time user you really wouldn’t know what to look/taste for and a tiny dose could kill you."
970,"Never trust a drug dealer.  Light brown is normally ECP and likely there is some real Heroin in there, but Fent is pretty prevalent in ECP.  You’ll never have 100% by the way, but there is 93-94% shit out there (speaking from experience).

Only way to be completely sure is to test it.  Second best is to taste it or micro dose it, but as you’re a first time user you really wouldn’t know what to look/taste for and a tiny dose could kill you.",It worked out fine... took a couple doses to get feeling good so I think it was real dope. No fent
971,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,"If you are from the US: 

Very small despite you have a trusted source or you buy from the onions.

If you are from anywhere else:

Very fucking high."
972,What are the chances of NOT having any fent in your H?,Depends what country you're in
973,Depends what country you're in,"Florida, USA mr undercover"
974,Depends what country you're in,"FL, USA"
975,"FL, USA","I don't really know but since it's only his word I wouldnt trust it, I buy from onion markets where you can rate vendors and review them and the product. I trust that more since if 100s of people haven't noticed anything wrong it's fairly safe."
976,"FL, USA",In fl...probably a 0% chance
977,In fl...probably a 0% chance,"I ended up doing three small bumps and it felt exactly like oxy... then I went full fuck it and finished the 100mg in the first day. Probably not the smartest, as im waiting for my plug to get back in town so I can cop another two bags... from pills to tea to H, all in a year, yikes..."
978,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,"what? feel what? still feel what? the high? no. its not the naloxone blocking it, at all. its the bupe. it has a higher binding affinity than naloxone, the nalox is mainly an abuse deterrent and for patent purposes"
979,"what? feel what? still feel what? the high? no. its not the naloxone blocking it, at all. its the bupe. it has a higher binding affinity than naloxone, the nalox is mainly an abuse deterrent and for patent purposes",Higher binding affinity=Can you explain this in dummy terms?
980,Higher binding affinity=Can you explain this in dummy terms?,"okay.. you have a trampoline, 10 kids are jumping on it. theres a magnet inside the trampoline - this is the opiate receptors inside your brain. 9 of your kiddos have magnets stuck to their shoes (these guys are your bupe), forcing them to bind tightly to the trampoline aka opiate receptors. 1 kid is jumping alongside them but has no magnets on his shoes, hes the naloxone. so he doesnt bind to the trampoline (brain) because hes so overpowered by the other force with the higher binding affinity, therefore this kid is negligible and isnt even in the magnet to have an impact. hes just kinda there. mainly for patent purposes, and for abuse deterrent (naloxone taken sublingually has nearly 0% BA anyway, but shot up it has  different affect which they try to steer ppl from doing)

does this make sense?"
981,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,What the fucking hell is going on? 🤣😂🤣😂
982,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,"Yah naloxone isn't the blocker. Its reverses the symptoms of an overdose but doesn't ""block"" opiates. Buprenorphine does"
983,"Yah naloxone isn't the blocker. Its reverses the symptoms of an overdose but doesn't ""block"" opiates. Buprenorphine does","In theory it is a blocker. But it has a short half life, and bupe has an even stronger binding affinity, so it's irrelevant when combined in mediations like suboxone. But if you could dose naloxone every hour, it would efficitvely block many opoids."
984,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,Don’t listen to Google for this stuff!
985,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,"Nalaxone isn't what causes suboxone strips to have a blocking effect - it's just to deter people from shooting it up. It's the buprinorphine that blocks any other opiate high, and that lasts at least 24 hours."
986,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,It’s possible to fall back into the overdose because of the half life. What form are you doing?
987,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,I don't understand your question about OPIODS.
988,According to google the nalaxone only has about an hour of effectiveness? So if as long as i wait over an hour atlesast if and when I do OPIODS I know I wont feel it all cause the bupe but you will still feel it right?,So if I only took like 6 mg of box this morning which was the first I've taken in 5 days if I snort Roxy this evening will it even be worthwhile?
989,So if I only took like 6 mg of box this morning which was the first I've taken in 5 days if I snort Roxy this evening will it even be worthwhile?,No
990,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,[deleted]
991,[deleted],Appreciated lots! Really hope this turns out fine and all. Thank you 💜
992,Appreciated lots! Really hope this turns out fine and all. Thank you 💜,[deleted]
993,[deleted],Even with only a 40 mg tolerance? Damn dude this is gonna suck pretty bad then. I appreciate the help though
994,[deleted],Also tolerance only 2 weeks 40 mg for sure
995,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,I used it after tapering off oxy I used for more than 20 yrs.  I used the Kratom for 8 months.  It helped a lot.  It effects people differently.  I don’t get any euphoria from it like I’ve heard others experience.
996,I used it after tapering off oxy I used for more than 20 yrs.  I used the Kratom for 8 months.  It helped a lot.  It effects people differently.  I don’t get any euphoria from it like I’ve heard others experience.,I don't think anyone will get euphoria from kratom after 20 years of oxycodone use
997,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,If you have a heavy habit then it won’t do much
998,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,"I don't get any euphoria, but find it extremely helpful for symptoms like bone and joint pain, restless legs, and anxiety."
999,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,"Depends on your habit.  I was a very VERY heavy H user and tried Kratom for WDs a few times.  I always took copious quantities and it never produced a high, but it gave me some relief (again, in massive quantities) for an hour or few.  Really depends on your tolerance and habit.

One of my dealers was actually one of the early Kratom distributors in the US so I used to get it for free when I requested it when I was copping.  That dude ended up paying an undercover agent a kilo of blow to kill his business partner, though, so that connect dried up fast."
1000,How much does kratom help from withdrawal?,"Once you’ve got a habit it gets you good enough to go to work, that’s about it. I’d honestly take gabapentin over it. But gaba + Kratom and I’m pretty legit, can enjoy family and friends."
1001,Has anyone tried detoxing off of bupe by using OPIODS for minimum of weeks to get past the worst parts of the detox of bupe and then you know you only have a couple days that suck atleast?,why not just do an actual proper taper instead of this shit seriously??
1002,why not just do an actual proper taper instead of this shit seriously??,Cause I tried and I suck at tapering
1003,Cause I tried and I suck at tapering,tell me how you tried and failed? like what did you do specifically?
1004,why not just do an actual proper taper instead of this shit seriously??,I dont have any help either its just me myseld and I
1005,I dont have any help either its just me myseld and I,you yourself and you plus real opioids to try and detox bupe is even worse than just you yourself and you :/
1006,Has anyone tried detoxing off of bupe by using OPIODS for minimum of weeks to get past the worst parts of the detox of bupe and then you know you only have a couple days that suck atleast?,I got off bupe using kratom and had no withdrawals but now I'm addicted to kratom. Might work if you could actually quit after a week or two
1007,Has anyone tried detoxing off of bupe by using OPIODS for minimum of weeks to get past the worst parts of the detox of bupe and then you know you only have a couple days that suck atleast?,Yeah. I did this it worked for me but I didn’t use over a week. I got a gram and just rode it out. Took the edge off and used as little as possible tooting bumps until I was out.
1008,Has anyone tried detoxing off of bupe by using OPIODS for minimum of weeks to get past the worst parts of the detox of bupe and then you know you only have a couple days that suck atleast?,If your an addict it would be very hard not to develop another habit using this method.  I suggest getting some gabapentin really takes away withdrawal without starting another opiate habit.
1009,Has anyone tried detoxing off of bupe by using OPIODS for minimum of weeks to get past the worst parts of the detox of bupe and then you know you only have a couple days that suck atleast?,"Yes.  I could never get thru the bupe detox even at 1mg a day. I always used dope for while then detoxed from the dope. Even though the low dose bupe detox isnt as intense (id say it was like 50-60% intensity as a good dope habit detox) i just couldnt take the 2-3+ weeks of it.  Ive actually never known anyone to take subs longer than a week then taper off em n stay clean. In almost 20 years of using idk anyone to do it.  

My one sub doctor actually quit taking new patients for subs becsuse in like 8 years of prescribing subs he never had someone taper down and jump off them. He trulywanted to help people and every sub patient either failed drug tests or quit going when tapered down to 2-4mg"
1010,Is OD’ing painless?,Are you okay man?
1011,Are you okay man?,"I don’t know. I live life in chronic pain due to a neurological disorder called Neurofibromatosis. It causes tumors to grow on my nerves. A lot of these are on my spine.  Recently the pain has gotten worse, I’ve lost some strength in my right leg that makes it hard to walk, due to a bad drop foot. I recently had a spinal fusion on my cervix, to make room for some tumors to have space, since they were pressing against some deep nerves. It’s been two weeks and I almost feel worse, like it’s hard to keep my neck straight, which makes it harder to walk, although I understand it’s a long healing process. But I’m probably also gonna need another surgery on my lumbar, to hopefully relief some other symptoms. Like it just sucks to be in so much physical pain at such a young age(26). Sometimes I can’t even hold in my poop, no joke, because of tumors on my lumbar. I’m not planning on hurting myself anytime soon, I still want to see if there’s hope to heal. I was fortunate to be allowed to stay on my father’s insurance as a dependent past 26, which is nice because it’s a rather good plan that allows me to be treated at Mayo Clinic. But it’s still a progressive disease, and I just keep thinking about how much more worse it can get before I just say fuck it. I’m not prescribed anything right now, as I already finished my post-op meds. But I know someone like me could probably actually get a large dose clinic if I tried. I use medical cannabis for now which helps sometimes, but nothing like Oxycodone."
1012,"I don’t know. I live life in chronic pain due to a neurological disorder called Neurofibromatosis. It causes tumors to grow on my nerves. A lot of these are on my spine.  Recently the pain has gotten worse, I’ve lost some strength in my right leg that makes it hard to walk, due to a bad drop foot. I recently had a spinal fusion on my cervix, to make room for some tumors to have space, since they were pressing against some deep nerves. It’s been two weeks and I almost feel worse, like it’s hard to keep my neck straight, which makes it harder to walk, although I understand it’s a long healing process. But I’m probably also gonna need another surgery on my lumbar, to hopefully relief some other symptoms. Like it just sucks to be in so much physical pain at such a young age(26). Sometimes I can’t even hold in my poop, no joke, because of tumors on my lumbar. I’m not planning on hurting myself anytime soon, I still want to see if there’s hope to heal. I was fortunate to be allowed to stay on my father’s insurance as a dependent past 26, which is nice because it’s a rather good plan that allows me to be treated at Mayo Clinic. But it’s still a progressive disease, and I just keep thinking about how much more worse it can get before I just say fuck it. I’m not prescribed anything right now, as I already finished my post-op meds. But I know someone like me could probably actually get a large dose clinic if I tried. I use medical cannabis for now which helps sometimes, but nothing like Oxycodone.","That sounds tough I’m sorry to hear that, just remember that when you use opioids for pain it will be harder to cope with if you ever stop using them for a good while.

I’m curious if you have ever looked into dissociatives for pain(ketamine, pcp or RC dissos) imo they are incredible for pain and can slow opioid tolerance if you use them together. They can be difficult to use and function if you aren’t experienced but I reckon they would be great just to switch things up every now and then cuz they actually stop you from feeling pain, rather than stop you from caring about the pain like opioids, and they don’t produce physical dependence.

Just food for thought cuz I know some people use 3ho-pcp and 3meo-pcp for pain."
1013,"I don’t know. I live life in chronic pain due to a neurological disorder called Neurofibromatosis. It causes tumors to grow on my nerves. A lot of these are on my spine.  Recently the pain has gotten worse, I’ve lost some strength in my right leg that makes it hard to walk, due to a bad drop foot. I recently had a spinal fusion on my cervix, to make room for some tumors to have space, since they were pressing against some deep nerves. It’s been two weeks and I almost feel worse, like it’s hard to keep my neck straight, which makes it harder to walk, although I understand it’s a long healing process. But I’m probably also gonna need another surgery on my lumbar, to hopefully relief some other symptoms. Like it just sucks to be in so much physical pain at such a young age(26). Sometimes I can’t even hold in my poop, no joke, because of tumors on my lumbar. I’m not planning on hurting myself anytime soon, I still want to see if there’s hope to heal. I was fortunate to be allowed to stay on my father’s insurance as a dependent past 26, which is nice because it’s a rather good plan that allows me to be treated at Mayo Clinic. But it’s still a progressive disease, and I just keep thinking about how much more worse it can get before I just say fuck it. I’m not prescribed anything right now, as I already finished my post-op meds. But I know someone like me could probably actually get a large dose clinic if I tried. I use medical cannabis for now which helps sometimes, but nothing like Oxycodone.",I’ve got a rare sarcoma.  I sure do hope for you but I know how painful it is.  Weed doesn’t do what morphine does.
1014,"I don’t know. I live life in chronic pain due to a neurological disorder called Neurofibromatosis. It causes tumors to grow on my nerves. A lot of these are on my spine.  Recently the pain has gotten worse, I’ve lost some strength in my right leg that makes it hard to walk, due to a bad drop foot. I recently had a spinal fusion on my cervix, to make room for some tumors to have space, since they were pressing against some deep nerves. It’s been two weeks and I almost feel worse, like it’s hard to keep my neck straight, which makes it harder to walk, although I understand it’s a long healing process. But I’m probably also gonna need another surgery on my lumbar, to hopefully relief some other symptoms. Like it just sucks to be in so much physical pain at such a young age(26). Sometimes I can’t even hold in my poop, no joke, because of tumors on my lumbar. I’m not planning on hurting myself anytime soon, I still want to see if there’s hope to heal. I was fortunate to be allowed to stay on my father’s insurance as a dependent past 26, which is nice because it’s a rather good plan that allows me to be treated at Mayo Clinic. But it’s still a progressive disease, and I just keep thinking about how much more worse it can get before I just say fuck it. I’m not prescribed anything right now, as I already finished my post-op meds. But I know someone like me could probably actually get a large dose clinic if I tried. I use medical cannabis for now which helps sometimes, but nothing like Oxycodone.","I was in a head on car crash 3 yrs ago that crushed both of my legs ankles and feet. They were going to amputate but saved my legs and now i am in constant chronic pain at the age of 28. I relate to this so much and i know how it feels to be a burden on family and friends or feel like you are holding everyone back. The car n was in has storage insurance and MI is a no fault state so i received no money for any if my medical bills and cant afford insurance so you can imagine the debt that i am in. 
Im sorry that you have to go through all of tjis bullshit and i hope you heal quickly. Life really sucks sometimes but there are people in your life that need you. X"
1015,"I don’t know. I live life in chronic pain due to a neurological disorder called Neurofibromatosis. It causes tumors to grow on my nerves. A lot of these are on my spine.  Recently the pain has gotten worse, I’ve lost some strength in my right leg that makes it hard to walk, due to a bad drop foot. I recently had a spinal fusion on my cervix, to make room for some tumors to have space, since they were pressing against some deep nerves. It’s been two weeks and I almost feel worse, like it’s hard to keep my neck straight, which makes it harder to walk, although I understand it’s a long healing process. But I’m probably also gonna need another surgery on my lumbar, to hopefully relief some other symptoms. Like it just sucks to be in so much physical pain at such a young age(26). Sometimes I can’t even hold in my poop, no joke, because of tumors on my lumbar. I’m not planning on hurting myself anytime soon, I still want to see if there’s hope to heal. I was fortunate to be allowed to stay on my father’s insurance as a dependent past 26, which is nice because it’s a rather good plan that allows me to be treated at Mayo Clinic. But it’s still a progressive disease, and I just keep thinking about how much more worse it can get before I just say fuck it. I’m not prescribed anything right now, as I already finished my post-op meds. But I know someone like me could probably actually get a large dose clinic if I tried. I use medical cannabis for now which helps sometimes, but nothing like Oxycodone.","I don't condone suicide, but there's no way in hell you could expect an opioid alone, let alone an oral one, to actually kill you without problems. You'd likely just throw up everywhere, or even worse you'd 75% pass out, then throw up, and slowly choke on your vomit whilst almost fully aware of what's happening, but be unable to do anything about it.  


Idk about you, but to me that doesn't sound enjoyable."
1016,Is OD’ing painless?,"Sometimes the body is able to recover, and it’s rarely pretty.  I wouldn’t risk an OD"
1017,Is OD’ing painless?,"It probably depends on the amount you took. People who have survived OD'ing have described it as being pretty horrific. Going in and out of consciousness but being aware that you aren't breathing. I've experienced something pretty close to that. At the same time I have friends who have died with the needle still in their hand so I imagine they went pretty quickly without even realizing it was happening. At least I like to think that, but I guess I can't say for sure."
1018,Is OD’ing painless?,Yes a painless sleep
1019,Is OD’ing painless?,"You could take them in the kitchen and accidentally choke on your vomit, fall on the floor and slam your head and then when you reach to get up, a cast iron frying pan could fall and hit you on top of the head and then a gas leak would spring from the oven and you'd be super fucked up and go to light a cig and then catch yourself on fire and then wild animals will smell burning flesh and a wild bear could come and eat you before you die from the drugs. But that how I imagine if I tried to OD.

I'm just fucking around. I have no idea how it would feel honestly"
1020,"You could take them in the kitchen and accidentally choke on your vomit, fall on the floor and slam your head and then when you reach to get up, a cast iron frying pan could fall and hit you on top of the head and then a gas leak would spring from the oven and you'd be super fucked up and go to light a cig and then catch yourself on fire and then wild animals will smell burning flesh and a wild bear could come and eat you before you die from the drugs. But that how I imagine if I tried to OD.

I'm just fucking around. I have no idea how it would feel honestly",you put so much thought into this.  effortlessly amazing haha
1021,you put so much thought into this.  effortlessly amazing haha,It was the first things that popped into my head haha
1022,"You could take them in the kitchen and accidentally choke on your vomit, fall on the floor and slam your head and then when you reach to get up, a cast iron frying pan could fall and hit you on top of the head and then a gas leak would spring from the oven and you'd be super fucked up and go to light a cig and then catch yourself on fire and then wild animals will smell burning flesh and a wild bear could come and eat you before you die from the drugs. But that how I imagine if I tried to OD.

I'm just fucking around. I have no idea how it would feel honestly",Final destination new movie plot
1023,Final destination new movie plot,Most definitely haha
1024,"You could take them in the kitchen and accidentally choke on your vomit, fall on the floor and slam your head and then when you reach to get up, a cast iron frying pan could fall and hit you on top of the head and then a gas leak would spring from the oven and you'd be super fucked up and go to light a cig and then catch yourself on fire and then wild animals will smell burning flesh and a wild bear could come and eat you before you die from the drugs. But that how I imagine if I tried to OD.

I'm just fucking around. I have no idea how it would feel honestly",This is the best possible comment for a thread like this. You win.
1025,This is the best possible comment for a thread like this. You win.,"Hahha thank you, sir!"
1026,"You could take them in the kitchen and accidentally choke on your vomit, fall on the floor and slam your head and then when you reach to get up, a cast iron frying pan could fall and hit you on top of the head and then a gas leak would spring from the oven and you'd be super fucked up and go to light a cig and then catch yourself on fire and then wild animals will smell burning flesh and a wild bear could come and eat you before you die from the drugs. But that how I imagine if I tried to OD.

I'm just fucking around. I have no idea how it would feel honestly",/r/RubeGoldbergFails
1027,Is OD’ing painless?,"Since ur body shuts down its pretty much painless there's a good video from ""CG Kid Morphine OD"" describing how it felt like u should check it out"
1028,Is OD’ing painless?,Nope it's painless. Until you wake up under an emt who just hit you with narcan and is screaming in your face and you have no idea what's going on but you feel fucking terrible and everyone around you hates you for doing that to them and the emt finds your needle in and sock and tells your mother then you spend the next few hours in pwds probably at the hospital just for them to treat you like shit and then you walk home in withdrawals and sit outside your house til someone let's you in?! Oddly specific. Yes. I know.
1029,Is OD’ing painless?,"Think about it this way, if you try to OD and fail you might end up with shit like an amputated member or a vegetative state.

Dont risk it my dude."
1030,Is OD’ing painless?,"It can be, it depends on a lot of things

There’s also a chance you’ll wake up being hit with narcan by EMS or in a hospital. Then you’ll have precipitated W/D for a while.

Life’s hard, I’m really sorry you’re in the place you’re in (if your contemplating this). Stay strong, and good luck in life, even if all you did this week was steal from your loved ones and get high I’m proud of you **life is damn hard** and it’s hard to keep going, you’ve made it this far and I’d hate for you to become a statistic in this thing"
1031,Is OD’ing painless?,"SWIM wouldn't call it painless, the second time was more lively, but yeah, the coming up from it, is brutal. SWIM has flat out, but SWIM doesn't have good experiences. I'd advise against it if you wanna go off the planet."
1032,Is OD’ing painless?,"When I went over, one second I was admiring that this was some strong shit, the next I was rudely woken with the heart Kickstarter 🤷‍♂️ the painful bit was coming around"
1033,Is OD’ing painless?,"Every time I have fallen out and OD'd has been painless except for one time. That time I stayed conscious while having a seizure for about 45 seconds and then went out completely. Scariest shit of my life. 

So simple answer is yes. The act of OD'ing is physically painless but once the narcan takes hold and snaps you back awake I promise you it is anything and everything but painless."
1034,"Every time I have fallen out and OD'd has been painless except for one time. That time I stayed conscious while having a seizure for about 45 seconds and then went out completely. Scariest shit of my life. 

So simple answer is yes. The act of OD'ing is physically painless but once the narcan takes hold and snaps you back awake I promise you it is anything and everything but painless.",What's having a seizure like?
1035,Is OD’ing painless?,"Like many others have said...painless to pass out and then AWFUL if you survive.  Sometimes pharm doses can even be off 10%+/- and I took 2.5 - 40mg OXY when my normal recreational dose is 30mg thinking I'd be really high but good....had crazy nod, passed out, and woke up violently sick, throwing up, and my head hurt so bad I was scared I was dying. The vomiting was so intense it was the only time I've ever been scared for my life."
1036,Is OD’ing painless?,100% painless and not scary at all. It's actually kind of a bummer coming back to reality.
1037,Is OD’ing painless?,"It’s painless.  If you wake up, you won’t even remember it happening.  I’ve had tons of overdoses and multiple clinical deaths.

Problem with ODs, though, is they’re very rarely fatal.  Something like only 3% are fatal.  The rest of the time you wake up and when you have a severe OD and wake up, the results are often awful.

One time I woke up and my left arm didn’t work for three days, I was lucky I didn’t lose the arm.  Another time it was my left leg.  The leg went out for four days and would twitch and stomp whenever I put weight on it.  Again, lucky I didn’t lose the leg.

Even worse, I’ve lost use of parts of my face and head before too.  One time, the entire left side of my face went essentially dead.  It was hard as hell to open my eye and when I did, it was extremely painful and tears would flood down my face.  I also had no feeling in the top half of my head which was an extremely weird and oddly uncomfortable situation.

I do NOT recommend an OD and if you’re asking this because you’re considering it, reach out for help and find someone who cares and can assist you.  If you’re an addict, I know it can be hard to find such a person, but people do care about you.  If you legit don’t know anyone, fucking message me.  I’ve been there and it sucks, but your life is worth so much more."
1038,Is OD’ing painless?,Not always
1039,Is OD’ing painless?,"A fent tainted oxy OD is pretty painless from the people I’ve talked with. The guy I saved from a fent tainted oxy OD didn’t even believe me when I told him everything that happened. One moment he was snorting a crushed pill and he said it felt stronger than he was used to and the next he was throwing up in the sink with me supporting his entire body weight many hours after. I was lucky to be able to keep him breathing. No recollection of not breathing and turning purple, no recollection of the repeated sternum rubs, no recollection of anything. I was lucky to have been able to keep him breathing and awake. Hospital was only an option if I couldn’t do that. I’ve never been so sore or exhausted. It was hours of walking while supporting a full grown mans body weight and giving pain stimulus to keep him going. Everyone else I’ve talked to says they just black out and come to with the paramedics. The going is painless because you likely won’t remember it (but very ugly and scary) but the coming to isn’t painless and equally as ugly and scary."
1040,Is OD’ing painless?,Painless yes but You could also wake up as a vegetable. Gotta weigh the risks too.
1041,Is OD’ing painless?,"Yea. The most blissful sleep
Until the narcan is administered. Then all fuck breaks loose. But to OD and lose consciousness is quite blissful at first then of course you lose consciousness."
1042,Is OD’ing painless?,Mine were always painless and actually peaceful
1043,Is OD’ing painless?,"Yeah when I overdosed, I didn’t even know what was happening other than finishing the test shot, I actually thought it was bunk since I wasn’t feel shit, stood up to tell my dude that in the house and that was it. 

He said he seen me get out the car, talked to his dude and looked over and I was just gone. Like wtf. Here I’m in the road/ driveway, snoring between two cars, literally about to have told dude to not buy that bunk. Woke up in the ambulance after the third narcan."
1044,Is OD’ing painless?,"It totally depends on the dose and the person, not to mention the route of administration."
1045,Is OD’ing painless?,Ya but not waking up
1046,Is OD’ing painless?,"I’ve only ever OD’d on heroin, more specifically heroin laced with a lethal amount of fentanyl. I had no idea that I was OD’ing which I’m sure in part has something to do with the nodding; because when you’re nodding you’re unaware that you’re nodding until you come out of it. I just thought I was just really high. According to my boyfriend, I stopped breathing although I have no recollection of that or anything leading up to that. He did a sternum rub (hard enough to bruise me and scrape some skin off due to my clothes rubbing against my skin) and I didn’t feel a thing. 

The painful part was being narcanned honestly. I was narcanned twice by my boyfriend. Instantly I felt insanely nauseous, extremely cold and claustrophobic as hell. Felt like everything was closing in. I couldn’t walk and had a hard time talking or typing (I was trying to look up OD’ing symptoms of heroin and couldn’t spell for the life of me). I was made suddenly aware of my breathing which was incredibly shallow and chaotic. One second I was breathing very slowly and the next I was gasping for air. It was the shittiest I’ve ever felt in my entire life, so shitty that it’s turned me off of heroin altogether. It was traumatic in more ways than one. If it weren’t for being narcanned, I can honestly say that I probably would’ve just died without ever having known nor felt a thing."
1047,Is OD’ing painless?,overdosing is painless and peaceful but its waking up after (if you do that is) thats painful
1048,Is OD’ing painless?,"Yes, as long as you don’t wake up"
1049,Is OD’ing painless?,"Read on the bocthed US executions. 20 minutes of hell whilst the muscle relaxant slowly chokes you but doesn't allow you to show it and the chemicals burning around your pulmonary system.

Apart from anything else if it contains acetaminaphin that's a three-day slow death from liver failure.

Closest I've come is from alprazolam and not noticing a kitchen cabinet door was open. Hit it front on, broke my wrist on the way down and hit the back of my head on the floor. An inch or so from a countertop which would have killed me.

I still have the hollow on my forehead from the haematoma.

Whatever it is, it's not worth it. Take it from a dude who was in screaming agony for 7 years, no one believed me and I was taking 800mg codeine and 12 grammes of ibuprofen every day for years.

Two surgeries later, yes I'm out of work, but I have a family who support me, a wife you'd do anything for me and the buprenorphine keeps the beast at bay. Never getting off them just gone back up to 8mg from 6mg this week as I couldn't take the drop.

My wife works with those waiting for a heart and/or lung transplants who'd kill for what you have now. If you OD your organs are trash."
1050,Is OD’ing painless?,The time I od I woke up with the EMTs over me..while I was out I had a seizure of some sort...l had urinated also...it was super embarrassing...I felt completely fine..the next day though I could not move...my tongue hurt so bad and when I went down I must have hit hard...I was so sore and bruised..
1051,Methadone tapering?,"Im on methadone and out of about 100 people i think 2 got off it ,success rates are crap but there are sucess stories but just not many.
Now,its a lot cheaper to give out methadone free like gere than expensive inpatient detox.
Now were on it years but even if you taper ,depending on how long you were on it and what your highest dose was your gonna feel WDs.
One mate was on 2 mls for nearly 6 months and finally jumped off.
Still had crap WDs that lasted weeks.
Its the worst opiate to quit and anybody on it will say Dont start.
I made it to day 5 off Heroin 3 times but got so dehydrated they brought me to hospital. 
I was fucked but worst thing i did was start MMT. Now im nearly a decade on it."
1052,"Im on methadone and out of about 100 people i think 2 got off it ,success rates are crap but there are sucess stories but just not many.
Now,its a lot cheaper to give out methadone free like gere than expensive inpatient detox.
Now were on it years but even if you taper ,depending on how long you were on it and what your highest dose was your gonna feel WDs.
One mate was on 2 mls for nearly 6 months and finally jumped off.
Still had crap WDs that lasted weeks.
Its the worst opiate to quit and anybody on it will say Dont start.
I made it to day 5 off Heroin 3 times but got so dehydrated they brought me to hospital. 
I was fucked but worst thing i did was start MMT. Now im nearly a decade on it.","Well this sounds horrifying.
I think my max dose will be 60 ml. 
So if I go down 5ml every like, two weeks or so, I’ll still be extremely uncomfortable? I wouldn’t rush off of it.. and I’d go down as slowly as possible.. I’d still have bad withdrawals?

And are the success rates low because it’s addictive its self?"
1053,"Well this sounds horrifying.
I think my max dose will be 60 ml. 
So if I go down 5ml every like, two weeks or so, I’ll still be extremely uncomfortable? I wouldn’t rush off of it.. and I’d go down as slowly as possible.. I’d still have bad withdrawals?

And are the success rates low because it’s addictive its self?","Here in Ireland we get our methadone for free from the local chemist,not pay and Q at clinics. 
For first few weeks you do go to the doc 3 tines a week and if you give 8 weeks clean your put on the local GP who tests randomly,some dont bother and give you 4 weeks of scripts.  And i think its just cheaper to keep people on it. 
Its very addictive and dangerous to people with low tolerance.
60 mls would kill lots of people. In on 65 and its the fear of WDs that stalls most  from getting off.
If your on it not too long and do it with doctors help it can be done.
Its not impossible so dont let me scare you into not doing whats best.
Most people i know are 15-20 years on Heroin and then methadone.
Great at stopping taking Heroin but it is a strong opiate and addictive.  . Good luck man."
1054,"Well this sounds horrifying.
I think my max dose will be 60 ml. 
So if I go down 5ml every like, two weeks or so, I’ll still be extremely uncomfortable? I wouldn’t rush off of it.. and I’d go down as slowly as possible.. I’d still have bad withdrawals?

And are the success rates low because it’s addictive its self?","Yes it’s just a replacement drug but with much longer, painful withdrawals compared to short acting opiates."
1055,"Yes it’s just a replacement drug but with much longer, painful withdrawals compared to short acting opiates.","I understand that part, but if I taper off extremely slowly will I avoid the majority of withdrawals?"
1056,"I understand that part, but if I taper off extremely slowly will I avoid the majority of withdrawals?",You’ll still be sick.  Make it more comfortable with gabapentin and some sort of sleeping rx.
1057,You’ll still be sick.  Make it more comfortable with gabapentin and some sort of sleeping rx.,"Well fuck.

Have you taken methadone too?"
1058,Methadone tapering?,No I never went that route but obviously in the addict life I’ve known several people that have.  It’s a trap  I would seriously suggest getting off sooner than later unless you are planning to be a lifer
1059,No I never went that route but obviously in the addict life I’ve known several people that have.  It’s a trap  I would seriously suggest getting off sooner than later unless you are planning to be a lifer,"Well, my problem is that I was a pain management patient who got addicted to her pills, so I made the decision to quit pain management and start methadone treatment.

It helps with my pain dramatically, and it’s helped my cravings too. I’ve been on methadone for maybe 2 weeks now, how long could I stay on without having to worry about horrible withdrawals? I’ll probably have to get surgery if I ever want to even consider not being on something for pain, so I will have to most likely at least be on methadone until I can afford a surgery... :("
1060,"Well, my problem is that I was a pain management patient who got addicted to her pills, so I made the decision to quit pain management and start methadone treatment.

It helps with my pain dramatically, and it’s helped my cravings too. I’ve been on methadone for maybe 2 weeks now, how long could I stay on without having to worry about horrible withdrawals? I’ll probably have to get surgery if I ever want to even consider not being on something for pain, so I will have to most likely at least be on methadone until I can afford a surgery... :(",I mean why not just go back to rx opiates then ? Like from a pain doctor.  Or try medical marijuana? It seems odd to go from rx pills from a doctor to metgadone  clinic.  You know you can get prescribed methadone pills from pain management.  Better then going to a clinic everyday if you’re gonna be on it anyways
1061,I mean why not just go back to rx opiates then ? Like from a pain doctor.  Or try medical marijuana? It seems odd to go from rx pills from a doctor to metgadone  clinic.  You know you can get prescribed methadone pills from pain management.  Better then going to a clinic everyday if you’re gonna be on it anyways,"Because I was abusing them, I would finish a prescription of 90 perc 10s in about 5 days, so I can’t be on prescription pills. Weed gives me anxiety, and it’s still illegal in my state.

I may see if I can lower my dose of methadone to something lower, so if I do come off of it maybe it will be less horrible. I’m at 50 at the moment and maybe I’ll go down to 40."
1062,"Because I was abusing them, I would finish a prescription of 90 perc 10s in about 5 days, so I can’t be on prescription pills. Weed gives me anxiety, and it’s still illegal in my state.

I may see if I can lower my dose of methadone to something lower, so if I do come off of it maybe it will be less horrible. I’m at 50 at the moment and maybe I’ll go down to 40.",Yea I mean I’m sure you can find better options for chronic pain than going to a clinic every day.  If you’re an addict and you’re fine with going to the clinic for years then do it.  That just doesn’t seem like a way to live personally but if it is for you and it helps keep doing it .
1063,Yea I mean I’m sure you can find better options for chronic pain than going to a clinic every day.  If you’re an addict and you’re fine with going to the clinic for years then do it.  That just doesn’t seem like a way to live personally but if it is for you and it helps keep doing it .,"I agree, I’m hoping this is just short term honestly. I just started so I could get off of the huge amount of pills I was taking, but i don’t know if this is something I’ll want to do for the rest of my life. Especially now I’m scared to come off of it because it sounds like the withdrawals are hellish even if I taper off slowly😂"
1064,"Well, my problem is that I was a pain management patient who got addicted to her pills, so I made the decision to quit pain management and start methadone treatment.

It helps with my pain dramatically, and it’s helped my cravings too. I’ve been on methadone for maybe 2 weeks now, how long could I stay on without having to worry about horrible withdrawals? I’ll probably have to get surgery if I ever want to even consider not being on something for pain, so I will have to most likely at least be on methadone until I can afford a surgery... :(",Like it’s helping your pain and cravings because it’s a strong ass opiate
1065,Methadone tapering?,Methadone gets inside your bones . I’ve withdrawn so many times in my life . Currently 3 years clean.  There really is no soft way off of opiates.  Like it will suck if you do it cold turkey or draw it out longer with subs or methadone.  What helped me the most was gabapentin and benzos for a limited time and possibly an antidepressant.  That’s my experience
1066,Codeine...what am I missing?,"The image. It comes in few different colors and tastes amazing. I think part of the reason people glorify it is because of the act of pouring up and being able to drink it. For some odd reason, some rappers see lean differently than a something like a perc 😂 “I don’t pop pills” but sips on lean every day"
1067,"The image. It comes in few different colors and tastes amazing. I think part of the reason people glorify it is because of the act of pouring up and being able to drink it. For some odd reason, some rappers see lean differently than a something like a perc 😂 “I don’t pop pills” but sips on lean every day",this makes a ton of sense actually.  Ahhh....the power of denial haha. Thanks for replying
1068,Codeine...what am I missing?,"These responses are great, thanks everyone.  So can codeine get you high?  I am traveling to Thailand where is sold OTC, not everywhere....but the town I am going to does.  My friend is there now and it was offered in 2 different pharmacies in 30mg pills.  How many mg would you need to get high if you normally take 30mg of Vicodin when you want to get high.  I know the ""highs"" might be different in feeling, but a general dosage recommendation would be great.  Thanks"
1069,"These responses are great, thanks everyone.  So can codeine get you high?  I am traveling to Thailand where is sold OTC, not everywhere....but the town I am going to does.  My friend is there now and it was offered in 2 different pharmacies in 30mg pills.  How many mg would you need to get high if you normally take 30mg of Vicodin when you want to get high.  I know the ""highs"" might be different in feeling, but a general dosage recommendation would be great.  Thanks","Pretty sure like 50-100 mg

If you take 30 mg of hydro then my suggestion should be good."
1070,"These responses are great, thanks everyone.  So can codeine get you high?  I am traveling to Thailand where is sold OTC, not everywhere....but the town I am going to does.  My friend is there now and it was offered in 2 different pharmacies in 30mg pills.  How many mg would you need to get high if you normally take 30mg of Vicodin when you want to get high.  I know the ""highs"" might be different in feeling, but a general dosage recommendation would be great.  Thanks",https://www.oregonpainguidance.org/opioidmedcalculator/ using this chart 30mg hydrocodone = 30mg morphine and 200mg codeine = 30mg morphine.
1071,Codeine...what am I missing?,"lil wayne switched to heroin...because lean sucks

and i wouldnt say that lean is horrible but people shit on it because it's really only good for someone with no tolerance"
1072,Codeine...what am I missing?,"AfricanAmerican people have a gene that allows them to get more from the same amount of codiene that we all would find rather dull.  However also yes, it's just aesthetic too."
1073,"AfricanAmerican people have a gene that allows them to get more from the same amount of codiene that we all would find rather dull.  However also yes, it's just aesthetic too.",You’re being sarcastic right?
1074,You’re being sarcastic right?,No
1075,You’re being sarcastic right?,[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK100662/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK100662/)
1076,Codeine...what am I missing?,"Im always super shocked that it can be bought OTC anywhere...here in USA, tylenol will prob be script soon! :-)"
1077,"Im always super shocked that it can be bought OTC anywhere...here in USA, tylenol will prob be script soon! :-)","I was in Tijuana (3 hour drive from where I live in US) and I asked what they had for OTC pain meds.  The first store said ""Tylenol and you need a script for anything else"" which is what people on the internet will tell you.  I took a shot at going the store next door (literally a 30 second walk) and they offered me Roxy 30's for $25 from bottle or blister pack generic oxy $20 IR for 40mg.  They didn't even flinch when I asked lol"
1078,"Im always super shocked that it can be bought OTC anywhere...here in USA, tylenol will prob be script soon! :-)",I’m pretty sure codeine can’t be bought over the counter in U.S
1079,I’m pretty sure codeine can’t be bought over the counter in U.S,He meant Tylenol will he script in the US soon
1080,He meant Tylenol will he script in the US soon,In arkansas with an ID you can buy a small bottle of Codeine/guafinesin (spelling?)  I used to do it about once a month.  It's the promethazine that really potentiates the codeine.  by itself its not all that much to get hyped up over.
1081,In arkansas with an ID you can buy a small bottle of Codeine/guafinesin (spelling?)  I used to do it about once a month.  It's the promethazine that really potentiates the codeine.  by itself its not all that much to get hyped up over.,Whaaaa I never knew that. Too bad the guaf fucks it all up
1082,Whaaaa I never knew that. Too bad the guaf fucks it all up,Yeah it really limits the amount of it you can consume
1083,In arkansas with an ID you can buy a small bottle of Codeine/guafinesin (spelling?)  I used to do it about once a month.  It's the promethazine that really potentiates the codeine.  by itself its not all that much to get hyped up over.,Codeine w guaf is useless though. And they know that.
1084,I’m pretty sure codeine can’t be bought over the counter in U.S,"It can't, I am going to Thailand next week for vacation.  It is VERY OTC there."
1085,Codeine...what am I missing?,"I think it’s seen as more of social drug, rappers I know who do it treat it as an alternative to alcohol when in social settings. That being said codeine blows."
1086,Codeine...what am I missing?,"Promethazine with codeine will make you nod and sleepy. Codeine by itself will probably just barely get you any sort of bead change. Syrup is popular in rap culture because it's tastes good, is hard to get and is extremely expensive. Also it looks cool when poured into various colored sodas."
1087,"Promethazine with codeine will make you nod and sleepy. Codeine by itself will probably just barely get you any sort of bead change. Syrup is popular in rap culture because it's tastes good, is hard to get and is extremely expensive. Also it looks cool when poured into various colored sodas.","Really insightful, thank you for the reply."
1088,Codeine...what am I missing?,"If you have no tolerance at all, 120mg of codeine will get you nicely high.  It is a great drug with no tolerance.

If you have even a tiny tolerance, even to Kratom,  Codeine will do nothing at all."
1089,"If you have no tolerance at all, 120mg of codeine will get you nicely high.  It is a great drug with no tolerance.

If you have even a tiny tolerance, even to Kratom,  Codeine will do nothing at all.",I actually started using Kratom last week and have already increased from 5g to 10g to feel a recreational mood swing.  I felt nothing on 5g but at 10g feel nice.  So codeine probably won't do much huh?  I should probably just save my money then.  Thanks man! (or girl) :)
1090,Codeine...what am I missing?,depends on how opiates effect u some people wont even feel codeine at any dose and some people can take 60mg and get a high. Just depends on the person but give it a try
1091,Codeine...what am I missing?,It’s bullshit get 1000mg of oxy instead of a pint of lean
1092,It’s bullshit get 1000mg of oxy instead of a pint of lean,"If I had access to oxy that would be the definite choice but only access to Tramadol, codeine, or nothing lol"
1093,Codeine...what am I missing?,"Some people, like me, are super-efficient metabolizers. We convert more codeine into morphine in our livers.

Sounds great, until it starts damaging your liver! CYP2D6 is the enzyme that converts codeine back to morphine."
1094,Codeine...what am I missing?,"Codeine is my drug of choice, I don't know what it is, but the feeling I get from it is my favourite. Not lean though, tablet form, but combined with promethazine makes for a nice feeling. It is an overall weak opiate, and so that's why most people don't really care for it, but as someone who has also used oxycodone, I personally prefer codeine to it. At the end of the day, people have preferences."
1095,Codeine...what am I missing?,I knew some people hella into it. I couldn’t get past having to drink a whole big cup just for a high so I only sipped on it but didn’t feel anything
1096,I knew some people hella into it. I couldn’t get past having to drink a whole big cup just for a high so I only sipped on it but didn’t feel anything,When I took it we just took whatever ml dose for the desired effect. Not necessary to be adding sprite and shit. I think it silly to be sipping on it.
1097,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"its basically like a stronger version of tramadol. sort of like what morphine is to codeine. actually ive never tried it but only because tramadol gave me seizures so i was afraid to try this. if its anything like tramadol though, its probably nothing to write home about. you will get high but be careful because it has ssri properties and could possibly give you a seizure at higher doses esp. if youre on an ssri anti depressant."
1098,"its basically like a stronger version of tramadol. sort of like what morphine is to codeine. actually ive never tried it but only because tramadol gave me seizures so i was afraid to try this. if its anything like tramadol though, its probably nothing to write home about. you will get high but be careful because it has ssri properties and could possibly give you a seizure at higher doses esp. if youre on an ssri anti depressant.","I’m on an SNRI and have been taking lots of Tramadol, never above 350mg though."
1099,"I’m on an SNRI and have been taking lots of Tramadol, never above 350mg though.",be very careful mixing these. can cause seizure despite you staying below 350mg.
1100,be very careful mixing these. can cause seizure despite you staying below 350mg.,Thanks dude I’ll cut out Tramadol from here on
1101,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"I found them okay. Decent for pain. If wanting euphoria or recreational value, there’s little. I found it stronger than tramadol but akin to it.
If you take high doses it can be dissociative or deletion inducing.
Just my experience"
1102,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"I am one of the rare ones who actually really like trams...  200/250mgs, and I feel happy, & energetic.. also, the affordability factor is also a positive!  I've only tried tapentadol more recently, got 20 of em for dirt cheap 👍,  I've read a ton about higher dosages causing seizures, so I tread lightly (for me this meant I.Ving one tablet, popping 2 begin) I was dope sick at the time, but I will say, they absolutely took away all of my w\ds👍 but I can't definitively say I'd rate them Superior to tramadol... Hard to compare, as I've had sooo many more trams, and taken them for recreation & pain, when I'm sick the line between feeling better\getting high gets blurry! I am guilty of over indulging when I'm sick and jumping from w\d to falling out w\little in between.. lol. If they don't break the bank, I'd recommend;)"
1103,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"I have tried tapentadol a few times as well as tramadol. I do not like tramadol at all, because of the serotonin effects and weak MOR agonism. It's the only opioid I will always refuse, so far. I found tapentadol a completely different beast and very pleasurable. Stronger and much more of a proper mu opioid agonist than tramadol. I think the biggest dose I had, with little tolerance at the time, was 100mg orally, which was quite strong for me. Went into a very pleasant deep nap."
1104,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"tramadols older, hotter, more ripe cousin IMO. i loved tapentadol before i wrecked my tolly. also helped my pain fwiw"
1105,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"The only time in my life I’ve had auditory hallucinations was once on tapentadol.

It was warmer than tramadol (and more potent) but my tolerance was high enough at that point that I didn’t get very high from them."
1106,What are Tapentadol and what do they feel like?,"That’s Nucynta homie.  It’s sort of like Tramadol, but stronger and a lot less side effects (and risk of side effects).  It’s strength is around that of Vicodin I believe, might want to double check that, but it produces a high most similar to a weak Oxycodone.

I’d say go wild.  They can be fun, especially if you have a low tolerance or fuck mostly with pills (e.g., if you’re a Perc or Vic user mostly you should be able to get a hit out of em)."
1107,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Software dev... they at least think I'm crazy

Edit: wait why you guys up voting me......... :|

Edit: my boss was totally staring for a good 30 seconds at my trackmarks the last month."
1108,"Software dev... they at least think I'm crazy

Edit: wait why you guys up voting me......... :|

Edit: my boss was totally staring for a good 30 seconds at my trackmarks the last month.",What do you mean they think you’re crazy?
1109,What do you mean they think you’re crazy?,Ohh I meant *know
1110,Ohh I meant *know,Lol i laughed
1111,"Software dev... they at least think I'm crazy

Edit: wait why you guys up voting me......... :|

Edit: my boss was totally staring for a good 30 seconds at my trackmarks the last month.",What effect(s) does it have on your ability to write code?
1112,What effect(s) does it have on your ability to write code?,"Really, aside from falling asleep and pressing a random button for 30 minutes like aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.... for 100K characters at least, I feel less anxiety and am able to focus and get to work better withour procrastinating. Either kratom was waaay better for programming, which may have helped got me top grades through uni, or just my curent job is more miserable and I have no desire to work. Hard to say. I'm definately asleep way more on heroin."
1113,"Really, aside from falling asleep and pressing a random button for 30 minutes like aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.... for 100K characters at least, I feel less anxiety and am able to focus and get to work better withour procrastinating. Either kratom was waaay better for programming, which may have helped got me top grades through uni, or just my curent job is more miserable and I have no desire to work. Hard to say. I'm definately asleep way more on heroin.",what languages are you into? do you develop something for the general public or internal for your company? i'm also a developer.
1114,what languages are you into? do you develop something for the general public or internal for your company? i'm also a developer.,"I loved school and the math shit a lot more than work. Computer vision, robots, AI, ML, datamining, reinforcement learning, graph theory, graphics OpenGL and all that fun stuff. What kinda programming stuff do you do for work or hobbies? Once I tried automating crypto trading. It actually worked, but would probably fail if it had to trade large amounts, since it was one of those speed hack stuff. I wanted to better apply learning to it, but I spent it all on drugs and now I'm too busy with work. I'm making a generic soundboard/synthesizer library, so I can spam the android store with tons of cool audio apps."
1115,"I loved school and the math shit a lot more than work. Computer vision, robots, AI, ML, datamining, reinforcement learning, graph theory, graphics OpenGL and all that fun stuff. What kinda programming stuff do you do for work or hobbies? Once I tried automating crypto trading. It actually worked, but would probably fail if it had to trade large amounts, since it was one of those speed hack stuff. I wanted to better apply learning to it, but I spent it all on drugs and now I'm too busy with work. I'm making a generic soundboard/synthesizer library, so I can spam the android store with tons of cool audio apps.","My app that has highest ratings with commente that people say its awesome, makes less money than a ding ding app I made in an hour... so lame. I guess I just didnt wanna put an ad on the main screen of my good app. okay I'm rambling again, since I'm on the subway.... you dont need to reply or read this even."
1116,what languages are you into? do you develop something for the general public or internal for your company? i'm also a developer.,"I like c and java, but I work at a massive company, dont wanna say the name, and they have their own libraries and the code is really lame. Mostly copy paste java, xml,  json, js, sql.... their libs kinda suck... we making a new product for some lame ass business companies... it just displays data... so lame.. also selenium testing... sucks... edit: there's a ton of shit here, I barely know any of it, just learn whatever as I go.

I made some android apps for synthesis, only some use NDK, but I will convert it."
1117,"Really, aside from falling asleep and pressing a random button for 30 minutes like aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.... for 100K characters at least, I feel less anxiety and am able to focus and get to work better withour procrastinating. Either kratom was waaay better for programming, which may have helped got me top grades through uni, or just my curent job is more miserable and I have no desire to work. Hard to say. I'm definately asleep way more on heroin.",Ever had your boss talking to you and your eyes just start to wander in different directions or go cross eyed against your will lol
1118,Ever had your boss talking to you and your eyes just start to wander in different directions or go cross eyed against your will lol,"Ahahahaha lmaooooo. I rarely look people in the eyes i think.... pussy habit lol. During our morning, meetings when we're assigning bug fixes, theyll be like ""dude is this yours?""... and I cant read the huge ass letters on the projector and I have to walk up to the front of the room... and still cant read it because I'm sleepy"
1119,"Ahahahaha lmaooooo. I rarely look people in the eyes i think.... pussy habit lol. During our morning, meetings when we're assigning bug fixes, theyll be like ""dude is this yours?""... and I cant read the huge ass letters on the projector and I have to walk up to the front of the room... and still cant read it because I'm sleepy","Looking people in the eye when you’re on something that fucks with your pupils is risky tho so I wouldn’t say you’re a pussy haha. 

I was curious about them eyedrops that dilate or constrict your pupils until I saw my mom one day (no clue why she was using them) with one fully dilated pupil and the other constricted, looked absolutely nuts lmao I don’t even know how an employer would react to that haha"
1120,"Looking people in the eye when you’re on something that fucks with your pupils is risky tho so I wouldn’t say you’re a pussy haha. 

I was curious about them eyedrops that dilate or constrict your pupils until I saw my mom one day (no clue why she was using them) with one fully dilated pupil and the other constricted, looked absolutely nuts lmao I don’t even know how an employer would react to that haha","Haha that sounds soo scary looking! Those drops you get at the eye doctor made me soooooooo sick. Everything was sooo blurry and bright. I felt sooo much nausea. It was harder to read my phone than when Im super high on heroin. Horrible! I love pinned eyes though, soooo preeeetyy."
1121,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Staff Nurse in a detox unit. I know, the irony 🙄🙈."
1122,"Staff Nurse in a detox unit. I know, the irony 🙄🙈.",Hi fellow nurse!
1123,Hi fellow nurse!,"🙋🏻‍♀️. Hey there. 
Can I ask you something please? Do you almost feel embarrassed/ashamed or a failure working in our profession and abusing substances, in the sense of that we should ‘almost know better?’ 

I have to keep reminding myself that before I am a nurse, I am a human being and not immune from addiction. 

It’s just a feeling I constantly have to battle with daily 😒."
1124,"🙋🏻‍♀️. Hey there. 
Can I ask you something please? Do you almost feel embarrassed/ashamed or a failure working in our profession and abusing substances, in the sense of that we should ‘almost know better?’ 

I have to keep reminding myself that before I am a nurse, I am a human being and not immune from addiction. 

It’s just a feeling I constantly have to battle with daily 😒.","No. Nurses, doctors, emts are one of the most at risk groups due to to stress of the job and access. Everyone “knows better” but consider that these professions are taken by sensitive, compassionate people. The vulnerable people who are more often than not, victims of abuse or trauma. People who spent their childhood surviving instead of learning coping skills like the other kids. 

It’s a rough spot to be in but to be in it, and still put your heart into helping others is a beautiful thing. Even if you aren’t perfect, devotion to helping others will always make you a good person."
1125,"No. Nurses, doctors, emts are one of the most at risk groups due to to stress of the job and access. Everyone “knows better” but consider that these professions are taken by sensitive, compassionate people. The vulnerable people who are more often than not, victims of abuse or trauma. People who spent their childhood surviving instead of learning coping skills like the other kids. 

It’s a rough spot to be in but to be in it, and still put your heart into helping others is a beautiful thing. Even if you aren’t perfect, devotion to helping others will always make you a good person.","Thank you for these words. They’re really beautiful and very true. Was nice to hear. 

I suppose in a way I could look at it as taking my job seriously and putting myself on a situation where I now know what my service users are feeling like when detoxing from opiates 😆. Now that is dedication to my job role."
1126,"Thank you for these words. They’re really beautiful and very true. Was nice to hear. 

I suppose in a way I could look at it as taking my job seriously and putting myself on a situation where I now know what my service users are feeling like when detoxing from opiates 😆. Now that is dedication to my job role.","One of my friends told me something like “even if you slip and use sometimes, it doesn’t make you a bad person. You take care of disabled kids, and you really care about it. You could never be a bad person.” It meant a lot to me, especially at the time but it really applies to anyone who is devoted to helping others. 

I’ve never gone into work high. I’ve gone into work in withdrawal tho. Almost worse."
1127,"One of my friends told me something like “even if you slip and use sometimes, it doesn’t make you a bad person. You take care of disabled kids, and you really care about it. You could never be a bad person.” It meant a lot to me, especially at the time but it really applies to anyone who is devoted to helping others. 

I’ve never gone into work high. I’ve gone into work in withdrawal tho. Almost worse.","I have gone into work on opiates, such as codeine or an occasional oxy. Never to the point of gouching or falling asleep. 

I seem to do my best work whilst on something, which is sad. But when I’ve had a good day and go home knowing I’ve made a difference, even when slightly high, I feel content and almost at peace."
1128,"I have gone into work on opiates, such as codeine or an occasional oxy. Never to the point of gouching or falling asleep. 

I seem to do my best work whilst on something, which is sad. But when I’ve had a good day and go home knowing I’ve made a difference, even when slightly high, I feel content and almost at peace.",">I feel content and almost at peace 


It's such a beautiful feeling.  I wish we all (not only I) could experience that feeling naturally 24/7. Earth would be such a weird place if we all felt like that naturally."
1129,">I feel content and almost at peace 


It's such a beautiful feeling.  I wish we all (not only I) could experience that feeling naturally 24/7. Earth would be such a weird place if we all felt like that naturally.","I hear ya, I totally wish we could feel it naturally too. What a wonderful life we would all have."
1130,"🙋🏻‍♀️. Hey there. 
Can I ask you something please? Do you almost feel embarrassed/ashamed or a failure working in our profession and abusing substances, in the sense of that we should ‘almost know better?’ 

I have to keep reminding myself that before I am a nurse, I am a human being and not immune from addiction. 

It’s just a feeling I constantly have to battle with daily 😒.","Hi! I totally relate to what you are saying. It’s something we can’t really talk about either, it’s very taboo in our field of work. Just like you said, we are human before nurses. We give so much of ourselves to our patients every day. It can be emotionally and physically draining. Self medicating is a way for me to just check out after a long day. I used to drink way more alcohol but I barely do anymore. I like to think this is better for me in moderation, haha. There is nothing like some hydros or oxy after a long days work. We are in this together."
1131,"Hi! I totally relate to what you are saying. It’s something we can’t really talk about either, it’s very taboo in our field of work. Just like you said, we are human before nurses. We give so much of ourselves to our patients every day. It can be emotionally and physically draining. Self medicating is a way for me to just check out after a long day. I used to drink way more alcohol but I barely do anymore. I like to think this is better for me in moderation, haha. There is nothing like some hydros or oxy after a long days work. We are in this together.","You don’t know how happy I am to find that there is other medical professionals who also do what I do. It makes me feel so much better. 
I agree, in regards to the alcohol. Just because it’s socially acceptable and legal to drink doesn’t mean it is better for you. 

I’d much rather go into work or pop one after a stressful day, taking an Oxy instead of a shot of vodka."
1132,"You don’t know how happy I am to find that there is other medical professionals who also do what I do. It makes me feel so much better. 
I agree, in regards to the alcohol. Just because it’s socially acceptable and legal to drink doesn’t mean it is better for you. 

I’d much rather go into work or pop one after a stressful day, taking an Oxy instead of a shot of vodka.","I’m glad to meet others as well. I have chatted with a few on here but never in the real world. I think there are more of us then people think. We are just stigmatized. I have made comments or posts in the past and gotten downvotes or nasty comments because I said I was a nurse. Unfortunately, comes with the territory! We don’t let it interfere with patient safety. I know a ton of nurses and doctors who like to drink... we like our opiates! Are you by chance in the states?"
1133,"I’m glad to meet others as well. I have chatted with a few on here but never in the real world. I think there are more of us then people think. We are just stigmatized. I have made comments or posts in the past and gotten downvotes or nasty comments because I said I was a nurse. Unfortunately, comes with the territory! We don’t let it interfere with patient safety. I know a ton of nurses and doctors who like to drink... we like our opiates! Are you by chance in the states?",Very true! I’m not in the USA. I’m UK based.
1134,"Staff Nurse in a detox unit. I know, the irony 🙄🙈.",Eyyy another nurse. I work in private duty pediatrics. 👶🏻
1135,Eyyy another nurse. I work in private duty pediatrics. 👶🏻,ICU here
1136,"Staff Nurse in a detox unit. I know, the irony 🙄🙈.","Ever heard that song by A Perfect Circle, “The Nurse Who Loved Me”?

That’s what I thought of when I read your comment."
1137,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Run daily operations for 25 different United States Postal stations. AKA. Americas biggest drug delivery outlet.  😉
1138,Run daily operations for 25 different United States Postal stations. AKA. Americas biggest drug delivery outlet.  😉,The real MVP 😎
1139,Run daily operations for 25 different United States Postal stations. AKA. Americas biggest drug delivery outlet.  😉,Do ya ever find any dope in packages or is that not your department?
1140,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Mainframe Developer. 

Nobody knows what mainframes or JCL is and it makes my job security even better. 90% of my coworkers are around retirement age and will be leaving soon so they pay their ass off for new recruits. I am very well paid for my position and age"
1141,"Mainframe Developer. 

Nobody knows what mainframes or JCL is and it makes my job security even better. 90% of my coworkers are around retirement age and will be leaving soon so they pay their ass off for new recruits. I am very well paid for my position and age",I used COBOL for something the other day and people acted like it was black magic or something. Some of the banks and large health and insurance systems will probably not go off mainframes until forced to.
1142,I used COBOL for something the other day and people acted like it was black magic or something. Some of the banks and large health and insurance systems will probably not go off mainframes until forced to.,"The companies that run the world, like you said, will never go off mainframes. It is the perfect solution and perfect product for what they do. Banks, insurance, hospitals, even amazon and Walmart all use Mainframes. Mainframe was big and relevant 40 years ago and still very big and relevant today. The only problem is the workforce is dying off. Schools don’t teach architecture language and you’d be look at like an idiot for using terms like COBOL and CICS. 

It’s the perfect job. Job security is top notch, the work is challenging and the pay is amazing. The work is especially challenging because you’re working on code written in the 80s that really hasn’t changed at all. 

I love it. I’m working and moving towards management soon though so it’s all about to change for me"
1143,"The companies that run the world, like you said, will never go off mainframes. It is the perfect solution and perfect product for what they do. Banks, insurance, hospitals, even amazon and Walmart all use Mainframes. Mainframe was big and relevant 40 years ago and still very big and relevant today. The only problem is the workforce is dying off. Schools don’t teach architecture language and you’d be look at like an idiot for using terms like COBOL and CICS. 

It’s the perfect job. Job security is top notch, the work is challenging and the pay is amazing. The work is especially challenging because you’re working on code written in the 80s that really hasn’t changed at all. 

I love it. I’m working and moving towards management soon though so it’s all about to change for me","Aw man, don’t do that! Don’t get sucked into the management cesspool. I had that option years ago but I stuck purely technical. Now I make more money than managers for a quarter of the stress. I’m telling you, think twice before going management. If you really love managing people then go for it but you sound like a SME through and through. Be one of the people that management has to pay any cost to have fix their problems. 

Edit: I mean no disrespect to managers, but in my experience 60% of management is navigating silly policies and wrangling deadlines. It may be more money up front but, for me, there is zero job satisfaction and you always have a target on your head. The trick for anyone reading this far, is to find a very specific niche that not a lot of people do and then focus on that. Mainframe work very much checks that box."
1144,"Aw man, don’t do that! Don’t get sucked into the management cesspool. I had that option years ago but I stuck purely technical. Now I make more money than managers for a quarter of the stress. I’m telling you, think twice before going management. If you really love managing people then go for it but you sound like a SME through and through. Be one of the people that management has to pay any cost to have fix their problems. 

Edit: I mean no disrespect to managers, but in my experience 60% of management is navigating silly policies and wrangling deadlines. It may be more money up front but, for me, there is zero job satisfaction and you always have a target on your head. The trick for anyone reading this far, is to find a very specific niche that not a lot of people do and then focus on that. Mainframe work very much checks that box.","I’ve thought it through. If I get the management promotion, I’d be managing the teams I’m working on now. 

To me, it’s a way to get noticed. I work in a central command center on nights and don’t really get any recognition from the company. My ultimate goal in life is to work up the security branch and be the Security operations manager or, if I’m shooting big, CTO. I want to manage. I’m good at it and have taken the role of being our manager on nights, anyhow, and I love it. I like being the point of contact and being able to dictate HOW my team runs. 

I love Mainframes and see the value of my work but I don’t want to be stuck doing that for the next 30 years, ya know? There was recently 2 managers that were fired and I see my chance. I’m shooting my shot. 

It’s my way out to bigger and better things and I’m taking it. AND, I’d be back on day shift and will be able to come home and see my wife and kids every night. Right now, I work 12 hours a night and sleep all day. I barely get to see them and I hate it. So that’s the biggest push to do this. 

Also, the management pay grades are much higher than developers in my company. More money and being able to see my family? Sign me the fuck up!  

If for whatever reason I don’t like management and want out, my technical skills and knowledge of our systems and clients is top notch. I’m sure I’d be able to slide right back in to my current team."
1145,"I’ve thought it through. If I get the management promotion, I’d be managing the teams I’m working on now. 

To me, it’s a way to get noticed. I work in a central command center on nights and don’t really get any recognition from the company. My ultimate goal in life is to work up the security branch and be the Security operations manager or, if I’m shooting big, CTO. I want to manage. I’m good at it and have taken the role of being our manager on nights, anyhow, and I love it. I like being the point of contact and being able to dictate HOW my team runs. 

I love Mainframes and see the value of my work but I don’t want to be stuck doing that for the next 30 years, ya know? There was recently 2 managers that were fired and I see my chance. I’m shooting my shot. 

It’s my way out to bigger and better things and I’m taking it. AND, I’d be back on day shift and will be able to come home and see my wife and kids every night. Right now, I work 12 hours a night and sleep all day. I barely get to see them and I hate it. So that’s the biggest push to do this. 

Also, the management pay grades are much higher than developers in my company. More money and being able to see my family? Sign me the fuck up!  

If for whatever reason I don’t like management and want out, my technical skills and knowledge of our systems and clients is top notch. I’m sure I’d be able to slide right back in to my current team.",To each his own! That type of stuff just isn’t for me. I wish you the best of luck though.
1146,To each his own! That type of stuff just isn’t for me. I wish you the best of luck though.,"I’d LOVE to work from home. But, due to our current clients and contracts, operations have to be hosted in a central location that’s locked down. We even had to build an entire new building on our campus to host us. We have 3 mega clients that are in the top 10 worlds biggest banks and they don’t fuck around when it comes to how things need to be. 

If and when I move into a security role, they all have the ability to work from home. No more daycare and I can work in my pajamas? Fuck yeah. I’d be saving money with daycare costs and earning more than I do now... it will be amazing. I’m just hoping it all works out the way I see it in my head. 

I am very comfortable in my current role, though, so no harm no foul if I don’t get it right now."
1147,"I’d LOVE to work from home. But, due to our current clients and contracts, operations have to be hosted in a central location that’s locked down. We even had to build an entire new building on our campus to host us. We have 3 mega clients that are in the top 10 worlds biggest banks and they don’t fuck around when it comes to how things need to be. 

If and when I move into a security role, they all have the ability to work from home. No more daycare and I can work in my pajamas? Fuck yeah. I’d be saving money with daycare costs and earning more than I do now... it will be amazing. I’m just hoping it all works out the way I see it in my head. 

I am very comfortable in my current role, though, so no harm no foul if I don’t get it right now.","Right on! You’ll get where you want to be, no worries"
1148,"I’ve thought it through. If I get the management promotion, I’d be managing the teams I’m working on now. 

To me, it’s a way to get noticed. I work in a central command center on nights and don’t really get any recognition from the company. My ultimate goal in life is to work up the security branch and be the Security operations manager or, if I’m shooting big, CTO. I want to manage. I’m good at it and have taken the role of being our manager on nights, anyhow, and I love it. I like being the point of contact and being able to dictate HOW my team runs. 

I love Mainframes and see the value of my work but I don’t want to be stuck doing that for the next 30 years, ya know? There was recently 2 managers that were fired and I see my chance. I’m shooting my shot. 

It’s my way out to bigger and better things and I’m taking it. AND, I’d be back on day shift and will be able to come home and see my wife and kids every night. Right now, I work 12 hours a night and sleep all day. I barely get to see them and I hate it. So that’s the biggest push to do this. 

Also, the management pay grades are much higher than developers in my company. More money and being able to see my family? Sign me the fuck up!  

If for whatever reason I don’t like management and want out, my technical skills and knowledge of our systems and clients is top notch. I’m sure I’d be able to slide right back in to my current team.","You seem very ambitious and not afraid to show it. You stated your goals and plans for the future in a frank and concise manner with what seems to genuine enthusiasm. You're the kind of person who climbs their way near the top. Are you ok with having to fire people, some of whom you may even be friendly with? If you make it to a Chief Officer position, will you be able to make decisions that are good for the company while damaging workers or the environment? Honest questions, your comment really intrigued me. Also, you do opiates daily? Do you think that will always be possible or do you plan to quit at some point? Best of luck to you, stay motivated!"
1149,"You seem very ambitious and not afraid to show it. You stated your goals and plans for the future in a frank and concise manner with what seems to genuine enthusiasm. You're the kind of person who climbs their way near the top. Are you ok with having to fire people, some of whom you may even be friendly with? If you make it to a Chief Officer position, will you be able to make decisions that are good for the company while damaging workers or the environment? Honest questions, your comment really intrigued me. Also, you do opiates daily? Do you think that will always be possible or do you plan to quit at some point? Best of luck to you, stay motivated!",">	will you be able to make decisions that are good for the company while damaging workers or the environment

You know, I’m not sure. I’d like to say I’d keep my wits and do what I currently believe to be the right thing. Though,I have no idea what boat loads of money and the responsibility that corporate shareholders’ satisfaction would do to me.  I’d like to say I’d do what’s right for the overall human satisfaction or continuity but it’s not something I can accurately say. I’m not in that position yet. I’m sure everyone going there would say the same thing; “I’m not sure”. 

>	Are you ok with having to fire people, some of whom you may even be friendly with?

Yes. I’m not there to be buddy buddy. I have seen a coworkers come and go, some nice and some that deserved to be let go. It’s a game. It’s a business. You either put in work or you’re shown the door. I have no problem being a strongarm. 

I do opiates when I have them from the pharmacy. I have 3 herniated discs and a tumor located on my spine. The pain is unbearable most days and opiates are a significant help to me. They provide stability in my life and some clear moments of content. I’m not a junkie or anything but I do do opiates and I’ve come here to get more insight into the life of opiates in general. This sub has been a huge help to me. 

You too, bud! I have no problems with you asking. It was nice to wake up to and answer!"
1150,"Mainframe Developer. 

Nobody knows what mainframes or JCL is and it makes my job security even better. 90% of my coworkers are around retirement age and will be leaving soon so they pay their ass off for new recruits. I am very well paid for my position and age","3 kids took the mainframe course at my university. Partly to blame because the teacher was HORRIBLELY BAD AT EXPLAINING AND WRITING ASSIGNMENTS. Also cuz none of us know wtf that is so I took random shjt like reinforcement learning and computer vision, ml/datamining which I dont use at work but it was fun..."
1151,"Mainframe Developer. 

Nobody knows what mainframes or JCL is and it makes my job security even better. 90% of my coworkers are around retirement age and will be leaving soon so they pay their ass off for new recruits. I am very well paid for my position and age","the cloud has basically replaced mainframes, right?"
1152,"the cloud has basically replaced mainframes, right?","Not at all. The cloud cannot compete with Mainframes reliability and speed. My favorite statistic to point out the robustness of the mainframe is this:

>	IBM Hursley laboratory director Rob Lamb says: “There are 6,900 tweets, 30,000 Facebook likes and 60,000 Google searches per second.” The mainframe CICS runs 1.1m transactions per second, which equates to 10bn per
day

The cloud will never be able to compete with that. There is nothing in the world yet that can compete. It’s the closest thing to a real world application of a super computer. The IBM Z system is phenomenal with its capability."
1153,"Not at all. The cloud cannot compete with Mainframes reliability and speed. My favorite statistic to point out the robustness of the mainframe is this:

>	IBM Hursley laboratory director Rob Lamb says: “There are 6,900 tweets, 30,000 Facebook likes and 60,000 Google searches per second.” The mainframe CICS runs 1.1m transactions per second, which equates to 10bn per
day

The cloud will never be able to compete with that. There is nothing in the world yet that can compete. It’s the closest thing to a real world application of a super computer. The IBM Z system is phenomenal with its capability.","so if I ever have bulk money, I should get a zSystem?"
1154,"so if I ever have bulk money, I should get a zSystem?",No lol. There is absolutely no need for a mainframe in a single user setting. It’s an enterprise hardware. One mainframe cost like a million dollars
1155,No lol. There is absolutely no need for a mainframe in a single user setting. It’s an enterprise hardware. One mainframe cost like a million dollars,"No **need**, yes, but if I have that kind of bulk money and bulk space, should I get the smallest setup possible for my own edification?"
1156,"No **need**, yes, but if I have that kind of bulk money and bulk space, should I get the smallest setup possible for my own edification?",No. What would you even be trying to use it for? It’s not like a regular computer or anything. Have you even seen what a Z system is?
1157,No. What would you even be trying to use it for? It’s not like a regular computer or anything. Have you even seen what a Z system is?,"I don't know what I'd try to use it for. I guess I'd just play around with it, see if I could make it run something that I knew."
1158,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I was a high school teacher.
1159,I was a high school teacher.,I was a teacher also for about 4 years
1160,I was a teacher also for about 4 years,what happened to you guys..why dont you teach anymore?
1161,what happened to you guys..why dont you teach anymore?,"I got caught with a large amount of drugs with my child in the car. Instead of the state charging me with child abuse they made me sign a ""RPL"" responsible person list meaning i was the person responsible for the childs abuse. So i cant work with children ever again"
1162,"I got caught with a large amount of drugs with my child in the car. Instead of the state charging me with child abuse they made me sign a ""RPL"" responsible person list meaning i was the person responsible for the childs abuse. So i cant work with children ever again",fuck that sucks
1163,fuck that sucks,"It really does. I loved it. I've always wanted to be a teacher. I can't foster or adopt kids either. I ended up getting my daughter back and still have her. But found out recently due to a surgery I had complications with i can't have more kids. And my husband and I really want more kids some day.So not being able to foster or anything is a low blow. But im crying at that comment with laughter. ""What happened to you guys..."" Lmao"
1164,"It really does. I loved it. I've always wanted to be a teacher. I can't foster or adopt kids either. I ended up getting my daughter back and still have her. But found out recently due to a surgery I had complications with i can't have more kids. And my husband and I really want more kids some day.So not being able to foster or anything is a low blow. But im crying at that comment with laughter. ""What happened to you guys..."" Lmao",that's rough. prohibition ruining lives still.
1165,"It really does. I loved it. I've always wanted to be a teacher. I can't foster or adopt kids either. I ended up getting my daughter back and still have her. But found out recently due to a surgery I had complications with i can't have more kids. And my husband and I really want more kids some day.So not being able to foster or anything is a low blow. But im crying at that comment with laughter. ""What happened to you guys..."" Lmao",haha yea it sounds morbid
1166,"It really does. I loved it. I've always wanted to be a teacher. I can't foster or adopt kids either. I ended up getting my daughter back and still have her. But found out recently due to a surgery I had complications with i can't have more kids. And my husband and I really want more kids some day.So not being able to foster or anything is a low blow. But im crying at that comment with laughter. ""What happened to you guys..."" Lmao","wow what a terrible thing to have happen. glad you got your daughter back though. were you impaired or intoxicated at all, or just in possession of the drugs? and how serious of drugs? just curious you dont have to answer"
1167,"wow what a terrible thing to have happen. glad you got your daughter back though. were you impaired or intoxicated at all, or just in possession of the drugs? and how serious of drugs? just curious you dont have to answer","I wasn't impaired i had actually just woken up and we were on our way to her grandma's. It was meth, pot, and pills."
1168,"I wasn't impaired i had actually just woken up and we were on our way to her grandma's. It was meth, pot, and pills.","okay thats good then, i didnt think you were or anything but on this sub i sadly couldnt be surprised if the answer were yes either. im glad not. 

sucks that you got caught up. seriously sucks. im sorry it had such devastating and permanent effects on a part of your life that was important to you. i personally think that consequence is too harsh but i guess i see why they go so hard on cases with kids involved since there ARE people out there who do fucked up shit."
1169,"okay thats good then, i didnt think you were or anything but on this sub i sadly couldnt be surprised if the answer were yes either. im glad not. 

sucks that you got caught up. seriously sucks. im sorry it had such devastating and permanent effects on a part of your life that was important to you. i personally think that consequence is too harsh but i guess i see why they go so hard on cases with kids involved since there ARE people out there who do fucked up shit.","I totally agree. I worked hard and jumped through hoops, then jumped through flaming hoops, to clean up the past and get my baby girl back. Its just consequences i have to deal with."
1170,what happened to you guys..why dont you teach anymore?,Life happened and I decided to get clean. I couldn't continue teaching and get clean. I also have pending charges that might have had me fired anyway. I currently work a shit job.
1171,I was a teacher also for about 4 years,Guess I wasn't the only teacher nodding out while showing videos...
1172,Guess I wasn't the only teacher nodding out while showing videos...,I didn't not out back then😂 I didn't use at work
1173,I didn't not out back then😂 I didn't use at work,Wish I could say the same. I don't know how I didn't lose my job. I was a mesa. I was really passionate about what I did though. I always had good reviews from administration. My last eval was done when I had been up the night before on meth and used right before honeroom. Ended up buying dope and hard from an ex-student at one point when things got bad. I'm glad I don't live that way anymore.
1174,I was a teacher also for about 4 years,"Dang im way sorry about that.  Teaching was always a field i was heavily interested in, but i knew it would constrict the boundaries of my personal life tighter then i could handle.  Like some parent seeing me wilding out at the bar or a music festival or something of that nature and report me.  I also live in the Mormon state, which makes it more likely that i'd get reported."
1175,"Dang im way sorry about that.  Teaching was always a field i was heavily interested in, but i knew it would constrict the boundaries of my personal life tighter then i could handle.  Like some parent seeing me wilding out at the bar or a music festival or something of that nature and report me.  I also live in the Mormon state, which makes it more likely that i'd get reported.","I myself would be interested in academia & teaching at Uni, and that's probably less stressful than teaching kids (with regards to being seen out in town partying). I saw two of my uni teachers, one at my fav pub's concert & the other at a festival. They could have been on drugs and no one would know."
1176,"I myself would be interested in academia & teaching at Uni, and that's probably less stressful than teaching kids (with regards to being seen out in town partying). I saw two of my uni teachers, one at my fav pub's concert & the other at a festival. They could have been on drugs and no one would know.","By Uni mean University right?  Out here we have UNI and it's the mental health ward lol.  But yeah, i agree if you were teaching University you wouldnt have to worry about that in the same way."
1177,I was a high school teacher.,HIGH school teacher
1178,I was a high school teacher.,why did you stop?
1179,why did you stop?,Life happened and I decided to get clean. I couldn't continue teaching and get clean. I also have pending charges that might have had me fired anyway. I currently work a shit job.
1180,Life happened and I decided to get clean. I couldn't continue teaching and get clean. I also have pending charges that might have had me fired anyway. I currently work a shit job.,fuck that sucks. i always wanted to be a history teacher
1181,fuck that sucks. i always wanted to be a history teacher,Never to late (unless you have certain charges/convictions)
1182,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,General Manager. I’ve always wondered what all you guys look like. I’m sure not everyone can for the dope head stereotype.
1183,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Bum.
1184,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Office job
1185,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Automotive sales manager
1186,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I have a dog daycare/boarding business
1187,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Welder
1188,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I work in PT. A lot of my job consists of educating patients in non-pharmaceutical pain management practices 🙄
1189,I work in PT. A lot of my job consists of educating patients in non-pharmaceutical pain management practices 🙄,The irony is real
1190,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Operator (chemical)
1191,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,“Integration architect”/software dev
1192,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Martial arts/ personal trainer.
1193,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I'm an RN
1194,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Union carpenter 🤙
1195,Union carpenter 🤙,"I'm a union electrician

Local 26!"
1196,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"I’m glad I’m not the only medical professional who does this. Makes me feel better. As long as we get our job done to the best of our ability, that is all that matters really."
1197,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Roadie.
1198,Roadie.,Dope! Can you say a couple bands? Or type of music atleast?
1199,Dope! Can you say a couple bands? Or type of music atleast?,One band is  german metal lots of fire. The other 2 I work for are pop divas. One is white and 73 the other is black 53 and her famous brother died at Ucla medical center.
1200,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Part time Supervisor.  Can't complain.
1201,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,i work for a nuclear submarine builder as an Electrical Designer using various software like Autocad and Catia....cubicle city gig that pays extremely well. Been here for almost 11 yrs now...crazy!!!
1202,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,software dev
1203,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Hairstylist
1204,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Serving/bartending
1205,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"I'm a window cleaner by day, work in a pizza shop in the evenings."
1206,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Caregiver
1207,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"I was a highwayman, along the coach roads I did ride"
1208,"I was a highwayman, along the coach roads I did ride",With sword & pistol by your side?
1209,"I was a highwayman, along the coach roads I did ride",God I love that song
1210,"I was a highwayman, along the coach roads I did ride",Were you wanted dead or alive?
1211,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,The shit I see coming throught the mail is unreal!
1212,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Mechanical engineer
1213,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I run a tobacco/cigar/vape/head shop!💨💨💨
1214,I run a tobacco/cigar/vape/head shop!💨💨💨,Has the whole banning flavored juice affected you at all?  How do you feel about them trying to ban it outright?
1215,Has the whole banning flavored juice affected you at all?  How do you feel about them trying to ban it outright?,"Absolutely, flavored and menthol juice was banned here in michigan and it was easily 60% of our sales. There are ways around it but i lost thousands in inventory already. A lot of shops are buying bulk flavorless ejuice, as well as nicotine and flavor shots sold separately, customer combines it themselves. I worry that if i invest in doing sales this way, the governor will just end up banning that as well. I am willing to bet in 6 months when they ""review"" the ban that we will be able to get juice again but it will be FDA approved, and they will tax the shit out of it just like cigs. We don't make anything in cigarettes, it all goes to the state. I personally think it is about money, not health. If it was they would ban alcohol and real cigs too. Also think the timing is weird seeing as marlboro just bought 38% of juul and the ceo of Marlboro is now the ceo of juul."
1216,"Absolutely, flavored and menthol juice was banned here in michigan and it was easily 60% of our sales. There are ways around it but i lost thousands in inventory already. A lot of shops are buying bulk flavorless ejuice, as well as nicotine and flavor shots sold separately, customer combines it themselves. I worry that if i invest in doing sales this way, the governor will just end up banning that as well. I am willing to bet in 6 months when they ""review"" the ban that we will be able to get juice again but it will be FDA approved, and they will tax the shit out of it just like cigs. We don't make anything in cigarettes, it all goes to the state. I personally think it is about money, not health. If it was they would ban alcohol and real cigs too. Also think the timing is weird seeing as marlboro just bought 38% of juul and the ceo of Marlboro is now the ceo of juul.",Wish you the best of luck man.  And its definitely all about the money.  With those kids getting sick from the bootleg thc carts it was a springboard for them to start their shit.  Even though it's not related at all
1217,Wish you the best of luck man.  And its definitely all about the money.  With those kids getting sick from the bootleg thc carts it was a springboard for them to start their shit.  Even though it's not related at all,Yes👏Fucking👏Exactly👏 bootleg carts were making kids sick. So let's just kickstart the blackmarket on this and they will definitely not buy any kind of juice anymore. I just don't see the logic 🤦‍♀️ i don't even smoke or vape but this shit has me heated. Messing with my bag😂💰
1218,Yes👏Fucking👏Exactly👏 bootleg carts were making kids sick. So let's just kickstart the blackmarket on this and they will definitely not buy any kind of juice anymore. I just don't see the logic 🤦‍♀️ i don't even smoke or vape but this shit has me heated. Messing with my bag😂💰,"Ugh God don't get me started on that bs. Bootleg THC carts made people (some of who I read had pre-existing conditions) sick, so naturally an unrelated ban on nicotine flavors should ensue. But somehow cake and raspberry vodka is okay. Drives me insane! Good luck with all that shiz 💔❤"
1219,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Nursing student, and office manager at a primary care office"
1220,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Structural/specialty welder

Sometimes it helps sometimes it doesn’t"
1221,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"I do IT for a school, basically I manage their computers.  it's pretty crappy but at least I have my own office where I can twitch in peace.

The kids deffo know something is wrong with me. April 20th they all said ""hey, it's April 20th right?""  plus the other weed jokes.  Too bad they all have the wrong drug lol."
1222,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Front desk at a hotel.

Drugs help the non-stop social interaction"
1223,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I manage the inventory for a hotel.
1224,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Technical support at a software company. I hide in plain site.
1225,Technical support at a software company. I hide in plain site.,"Also work for a software company, development though.  :hi5:"
1226,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I'm an Executive Assistant at a franchise development company (we turn businesses into franchises).
1227,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Supported living
1228,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Disabled paramedic/ heavy equipment operator. Switched to equipment after a career-ending injury as a paramedic/firefighter.
1229,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Bartend fulltime and production manager at McDonald's part time
1230,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Security officer.
1231,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Landscaper
1232,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Junior Software Engineer, which is pretty strange cause i dont really care for computers lol.  Im trying to learn SQL right now and it makes me want to blow my brains out."
1233,"Junior Software Engineer, which is pretty strange cause i dont really care for computers lol.  Im trying to learn SQL right now and it makes me want to blow my brains out.",Stackoverflow is your friend
1234,Stackoverflow is your friend,"Cool, thanks for the advice!"
1235,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I am a Netwwork Engineer and build large scale wireless and wired networks across the country. It's a cool job and I'm really good at it but the hours and stress are really rough. Drrespite being on methadone now instill find myself using a few times a week just because.
1236,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Attorney at large firm
1237,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Contractor, I build pools. I used to be a nurse"
1238,"Contractor, I build pools. I used to be a nurse",That’s quite a career change!
1239,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Line cook. It works for my current situation. Saving money while on MMT. Better than running the streets.
1240,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"meat cutter. it’s not a bad job at all, surprisingly"
1241,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Lmao, yeah my guy.  I've seen everything come into these post offices from that sticky icky to keys of dope. I feel like a kid in a candy store 🤩🤩🤩"
1242,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Tower Climber
1243,Tower Climber,"Jesus . So scared of heights ..

What you do ?"
1244,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Cashier at a retail store
1245,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Software and security engineer.  I was unemployed for a while during my worst bits of active addiction, but I’m a consulting security engineer and software developer now.

I mostly build business web sites and applications, I get requests for the simple shit more than anything, but I also help setup secure and encrypted communication infrastructure, anonymous and secure internal networks, etc."
1246,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I'm a professional writer for a company with a fuckton of clients... and I'm the writer on the addiction/recovery team 😂 Funny how things work out sometimes lol.
1247,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"I used to work as an IT Manager at a school split across three sites. When I started it was just one site. Managed £250,000 on average per year, two staff, middle management team etc.

Then we got a new head and a Business Manager. Everyone from my time pre-2010 to 2017 have now left. I was only in work for 1% in 2016!  


I surprised the crap out of them when I resigned due to seizures. I actually thought they wanted me out, turns out they actually relied on me and recognised that. Oh well. It was a bad place to work."
1248,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,"Librarian, currently at a very large law firm."
1249,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Nurse in an outpatient setting
1250,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,I'm unemployed but I study and do sex work (escorting) on the side.
1251,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Underwater wood welder
1252,Underwater wood welder,"Wood welder?  I'm sure I can google it but figured I'd ask.  I had a buddy who was an under water welder and made fucking bank!  He also cooked meth though, that ended up fucking him.  Dude was addicted to money more than anything."
1253,What kind of job (or day job) do you all have?,Pharmacist
1254,Best time of day to cold cop?,maybe obvious but stay out of the school zone while you look to buy drugs lol
1255,Best time of day to cold cop?,"The best time is night time, in the dark; however if your in a big city there’s usually always stragglers walking around durring the day."
1256,"The best time is night time, in the dark; however if your in a big city there’s usually always stragglers walking around durring the day.","   Where I’m at, you’d be lucky to score at night.  Much higher chance of being robbed. Crews set up early in the morning and basically work all day till about dusk. After that, there ain’t much going on in my experience.  (unless you got a number). 
     Maybe a junky or two selling shitty bags bc he knows somebody with better shit around the way"
1257,"   Where I’m at, you’d be lucky to score at night.  Much higher chance of being robbed. Crews set up early in the morning and basically work all day till about dusk. After that, there ain’t much going on in my experience.  (unless you got a number). 
     Maybe a junky or two selling shitty bags bc he knows somebody with better shit around the way","True about the robbing thing...I wouldn't gobri the ghetto at night, but that's usually when & where to do stuff"
1258,Best time of day to cold cop?,Early morning near methadone clinics.
1259,Early morning near methadone clinics.,"That’s always been my go-to.  But what time is too early ?   I remember being on that line at 630 AM.  It took a few weeks bs’ing w ppl on line, but eventually got the best of best plugs.   Lol. 
     It’s a little tougher to just be wandering around, but that’s what I do anyway until somebody offers me.  
     I’m in a particular city that has an appearance of being very clean,  so no open air shit like I’m used to."
1260,Best time of day to cold cop?,"Yeah, where I live, cops are out in droves during school drop off to manage traffic and bust people for going over 20 or passing school buses.  I'd avoid that."
1261,Best time of day to cold cop?,"I called a middle and hooked them up.  I’m way to generous.  
     On one hand I want to look out for them because they’re doing me a service and I don’t want them to feel the need to rip me off, or make me wait an hr while they go get high..., but on the other hand, I don’t want to seem like I have all sorts of money and I won’t miss it if I get shorted. It’s a double edge sword..."
1262,How long after H usage do overdoses usually occur?,for me using nasal as ROA it took about 2 minutes.
1263,for me using nasal as ROA it took about 2 minutes.,Wow faster than I expected by a lot
1264,How long after H usage do overdoses usually occur?,"Any time its happened to me it was less than a minute, usually right after I've pulled some more water to wash the blood out of my rig. I've never done the slow push tho, probably a good idea"
1265,How long after H usage do overdoses usually occur?,In my experience it occurs within the first minute or so (Iv)
1266,How long after H usage do overdoses usually occur?,"I am always scared if iv’ing nowadays bc I’m sure it fent.   So I push slow, about 50% of liquid over 10 seconds.(average).  
      Then without removing pin, I’ll finish in same way.  I read this is safest , but how long should I wait between 1st half and second half?    I thought if u gonna fall out , you feel it fast w fent.   Like don’t even have time to pull pin out fast ?   So I’ll do 7-20 seconds depending on situation and if it’s a familiar batch. 
         Am I wasting my time waiting so long?   Like it’s usually 2-3 min before somebody starts ODing ?"
1267,"I am always scared if iv’ing nowadays bc I’m sure it fent.   So I push slow, about 50% of liquid over 10 seconds.(average).  
      Then without removing pin, I’ll finish in same way.  I read this is safest , but how long should I wait between 1st half and second half?    I thought if u gonna fall out , you feel it fast w fent.   Like don’t even have time to pull pin out fast ?   So I’ll do 7-20 seconds depending on situation and if it’s a familiar batch. 
         Am I wasting my time waiting so long?   Like it’s usually 2-3 min before somebody starts ODing ?",A matter of minutes for me.
1268,What does overdosing feel like?,"If he died of an od,He had the most peaceful death you can imagine.
It's unfortunate but it's true, if he felt anything he would have just felt warm bliss, and then nothing. Absolutally nothing.  It's coming out of an od that's the horrible part 
Sorry for your loss."
1269,What does overdosing feel like?,"I just OD’d 2 weeks ago. I didnt even know I was overdosing I just went to lay down and I shut my eyes and I almost never woke up. I was completely blue and I wasn’t breathing my mom luckily found me and called 911 which prompted officers to rush to the scene with narcan. They actually arrived before the ambulance bc the police department is so close to my house. If it was a mile further away I probably wouldn’t be typing this right now but I was in no pain at all, very peaceful I woke up totally unalarmed despite me almost dying to a cop standing above me holding my THC cart lol."
1270,What does overdosing feel like?,Yeah the few times I’ve od’d I’ve just woken up in hospital vomiting like crazy. Your more then likely blacked out by the time you stop breathing so you wouldn’t know your od’ing
1271,What does overdosing feel like?,Quite a few people I know have OD’d and as another poster said there is no pain. There is only the high and then nothing.
1272,What does overdosing feel like?,It doesn't feel like anything. You just pass out
1273,What does overdosing feel like?,"You don't feel anything. I OD'ed a few weeks ago. I didn't even know I overdosed. It all happened very quickly. Last thing I remembered was sitting down. My mom found me about 3 hours later, unconcious with a needle(she didn't know I used prior to this) and called 911. 

I promised my mom not to use after this but I can't fucking do it. I am relapsing today or tommorow. I honestly feel that it would have been better if I died."
1274,"You don't feel anything. I OD'ed a few weeks ago. I didn't even know I overdosed. It all happened very quickly. Last thing I remembered was sitting down. My mom found me about 3 hours later, unconcious with a needle(she didn't know I used prior to this) and called 911. 

I promised my mom not to use after this but I can't fucking do it. I am relapsing today or tommorow. I honestly feel that it would have been better if I died.",How old are you? If you don't mind a personal question.
1275,How old are you? If you don't mind a personal question.,16
1276,What does overdosing feel like?,"Good as fuck
Edit: sorry about your friend I didn’t read the post I just read the title and answered the question. An overdose is actually really scary and confusing when you get revived. It’s a mix of emotions, confusion, embarrassment, regret, but every time I fell out I was at peace until the narcan woke me up  and then it’s a shit show."
1277,What does overdosing feel like?,"It feels like nothing, absolute nothing."
1278,Snort or smoke gunpowder?,"Dont snort gun powder it will just clog up your nose, you can turn it into a snortable powder by shaking with baking powder and coins in a pill bottle tho that's what I do with my gp/tar."
1279,Snort or smoke gunpowder?,smoke that bomb shit!
1280,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"Most that try to only get high once a week fail from my experience. Starts at once, then twice and so on."
1281,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"1. youre not normal if youre posting this. game over.

2. your addiction is already out of control. dont try to normalize that. its not and never will be lol 

3. if you relapse anything is possible but usually 2 becomes 3 becomes 4 etc. or, shots become larger. either way, increase eventually. come on you know this

4. you probably wont ever succeed at tapering off shooting heroin, no. thats why other treatment methods that make more sense exist

5. no subs so... methadone?  win win maybe

6. its irrelvant what were doing. you have a problem. fix it. 

7. time travel for that candlelight date with heroin. otherweise no dice. 

8. youve already destructed. i sincerely hope this is trolling bc if not dear god get help like yesterday"
1282,"1. youre not normal if youre posting this. game over.

2. your addiction is already out of control. dont try to normalize that. its not and never will be lol 

3. if you relapse anything is possible but usually 2 becomes 3 becomes 4 etc. or, shots become larger. either way, increase eventually. come on you know this

4. you probably wont ever succeed at tapering off shooting heroin, no. thats why other treatment methods that make more sense exist

5. no subs so... methadone?  win win maybe

6. its irrelvant what were doing. you have a problem. fix it. 

7. time travel for that candlelight date with heroin. otherweise no dice. 

8. youve already destructed. i sincerely hope this is trolling bc if not dear god get help like yesterday","Lol... thanks (for real though)

I'm on subs rn. Been on 8mg 2x per day and still feel withdrawals after almost a week of this. I nevver needed this much sub before. Really almost a out to cave."
1283,"Lol... thanks (for real though)

I'm on subs rn. Been on 8mg 2x per day and still feel withdrawals after almost a week of this. I nevver needed this much sub before. Really almost a out to cave.","thats a really high dose to still be WD on a week out. you coming off heavy duty fent or what? 

dont cave. stick it out a bit longer. give it at full honest shot at least. whatever that means for you, that line is drawn somewhere diff for each person. just dont give up yet, you already made it a aweei. 

if you seriously want to get off sub and be able to do opiates and feel good and never withdraw then join a methadone program and dont fuck it up so you never have to miss doses. but this is my last resort advice, ""all else already failed"" kind of thing. good luck either way man"
1284,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"Dose once around 11am then once before bed at around 10-11pm

Easier said than done tho, bro - takes a lot of discipline, man"
1285,"Dose once around 11am then once before bed at around 10-11pm

Easier said than done tho, bro - takes a lot of discipline, man","That would be beautiful. I feel like I can put up with the struggle, as long as theres a reward waiting for me."
1286,"That would be beautiful. I feel like I can put up with the struggle, as long as theres a reward waiting for me.","The reward is being able to live a half-normal life.
Just treat it like medication you take twice a day? And even the mental addiction eventually fades...

Some days i find myself forgetting to even do the 11pm dose and dont get home til 5-6am and still not sick in the slightest"
1287,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"There is no “normal” amount of use my friend. I think using ‘too much’ is completely relative to some people, and of course it depends on how much of your habit you can support financially. 

What do you consider relapsing? I mean for most people I think using at all could be considered a relapse, ya know?

I’m a heroin user, I only sniff, smoke occasionally, and use every day and probably dose about .1 two to five times a day. Definitely consider that  way too much for my books, but I’m sure it’s not much compared to some people’s habits."
1288,"There is no “normal” amount of use my friend. I think using ‘too much’ is completely relative to some people, and of course it depends on how much of your habit you can support financially. 

What do you consider relapsing? I mean for most people I think using at all could be considered a relapse, ya know?

I’m a heroin user, I only sniff, smoke occasionally, and use every day and probably dose about .1 two to five times a day. Definitely consider that  way too much for my books, but I’m sure it’s not much compared to some people’s habits.","I had a stable amount in the bank, but nearly every paycheck went to heroin. I'm on 16mg subs for a week now, but still feel withdrawal. 4mg used to fix all my withdrawal a few months ago, but I'm sweating icicles. Either way, I think today I'll only take 8mg subs at night or shoot up heroin. Honestly, my main concern is withdrawal at work and family being disappointed..."
1289,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,So what is the end goal here? Do you want to get off completely or just cut down a lot. It seems like you are using a fuck ton of times a day. If you are trying to taper I would definitely start cutting out two times of use a week. So you use before you leave for work. Don’t do that anymore cut that one out too. Also cut out using after the 10 am meeting. If you only want to cut out one time a week that would take much longer though. So how about you cut out two times each for the first three weeks then the next two weeks only cut out one use and you will end up using when you wake up and when you go to sleep. Or just cut one more out and you will use three times a day just in case you start to feel sick halfway thru your workday. Hope this helps.
1290,So what is the end goal here? Do you want to get off completely or just cut down a lot. It seems like you are using a fuck ton of times a day. If you are trying to taper I would definitely start cutting out two times of use a week. So you use before you leave for work. Don’t do that anymore cut that one out too. Also cut out using after the 10 am meeting. If you only want to cut out one time a week that would take much longer though. So how about you cut out two times each for the first three weeks then the next two weeks only cut out one use and you will end up using when you wake up and when you go to sleep. Or just cut one more out and you will use three times a day just in case you start to feel sick halfway thru your workday. Hope this helps.,End goal. Is. Get high and never withdrawal. Lol ik that's impossible. I just wanna space my doses out and lower tolerance. Maybe I'll fucking idk... I have no self control... all I want to do is feel cozy so I can be happy and forget about work...
1291,End goal. Is. Get high and never withdrawal. Lol ik that's impossible. I just wanna space my doses out and lower tolerance. Maybe I'll fucking idk... I have no self control... all I want to do is feel cozy so I can be happy and forget about work...,Yeah I’m pretty bad at spacing my shit out so I’m the last one who should be giving advice lol. But just try your best and do what ya can. Good luck.
1292,Yeah I’m pretty bad at spacing my shit out so I’m the last one who should be giving advice lol. But just try your best and do what ya can. Good luck.,"Haha, nahh you're the first one who should be giving out advice, just following it is the hard part."
1293,So what is the end goal here? Do you want to get off completely or just cut down a lot. It seems like you are using a fuck ton of times a day. If you are trying to taper I would definitely start cutting out two times of use a week. So you use before you leave for work. Don’t do that anymore cut that one out too. Also cut out using after the 10 am meeting. If you only want to cut out one time a week that would take much longer though. So how about you cut out two times each for the first three weeks then the next two weeks only cut out one use and you will end up using when you wake up and when you go to sleep. Or just cut one more out and you will use three times a day just in case you start to feel sick halfway thru your workday. Hope this helps.,If I relapse. I will try my best to do this.
1294,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"I do once when I wake up (which is like anywhere between 2-7pm), once 2-4hrs after that, once between 10pm-1am (my biggest shot of the day usually), once again 1 or 2hrs after that, and once more at like 4-6am."
1295,"I do once when I wake up (which is like anywhere between 2-7pm), once 2-4hrs after that, once between 10pm-1am (my biggest shot of the day usually), once again 1 or 2hrs after that, and once more at like 4-6am.",My roa is shooting and it's between 1 and 2 points each time
1296,My roa is shooting and it's between 1 and 2 points each time,Night shift my guy? Dude I love night. So easy on the eyes. So quiet. Everything is still. So beautiful.
1297,How many times per day do you dose? HALP ME BE NORMEL,"Wow, I thought I had a pretty good reward system worked out for myself...but you are right. When I see it in text it's a bit frightening. I use pressed pills. I do between 1/8th of a pill and 1/4 of a pill each time I use. This is mine for workdays (very, very similar to yours):

1. When I wake up
2. When I get to work
3. 10am.
4. Lunch break
5. 3pm
6. Sometimes before leaving work (if I have enough)
7. When I get home OR when my man leaves for work (6pmish)
8. Around 9pm
9. If I wake up before I am supposed to and can't fall back asleep

On Saturdays:

1. When I wake up
2. After putting all the laundry in
3. After putting all the laundry away
4. After lunch
5. Before dinner
6. Around 8pm relaxing time
7. Before whenever I go to bed.

The only caveat is Sunday's. I do however much I want or can afford."
1298,"Wow, I thought I had a pretty good reward system worked out for myself...but you are right. When I see it in text it's a bit frightening. I use pressed pills. I do between 1/8th of a pill and 1/4 of a pill each time I use. This is mine for workdays (very, very similar to yours):

1. When I wake up
2. When I get to work
3. 10am.
4. Lunch break
5. 3pm
6. Sometimes before leaving work (if I have enough)
7. When I get home OR when my man leaves for work (6pmish)
8. Around 9pm
9. If I wake up before I am supposed to and can't fall back asleep

On Saturdays:

1. When I wake up
2. After putting all the laundry in
3. After putting all the laundry away
4. After lunch
5. Before dinner
6. Around 8pm relaxing time
7. Before whenever I go to bed.

The only caveat is Sunday's. I do however much I want or can afford.",Hahaha our schedules are sooo similar. Idk what happens when I'm home on weekends.
1299,Hahaha our schedules are sooo similar. Idk what happens when I'm home on weekends.,"Lol, you don't know as in you can't remember?"
1300,"Lol, you don't know as in you can't remember?","I dont usually pay attention, especially last weekend was xanax alchohol heroin blackout so extra confused, feel memory is ded. I dont known if I use more because I'm having more free time, or less because I'm less stressed and anxious."
1301,"I dont usually pay attention, especially last weekend was xanax alchohol heroin blackout so extra confused, feel memory is ded. I dont known if I use more because I'm having more free time, or less because I'm less stressed and anxious.","I can relate about the Xanax, that was why I asked ha. That's an interesting perspective about whether you use less or more on weekends. I think I use the most on Sunday's because it's the one day I don't have to worry about anyone seeing me too high since I'm a secret user (boyfriend has football guys' day on Sundays so I'm alone usually). Anyway, hope you are having a great day! :)"
1302,"I can relate about the Xanax, that was why I asked ha. That's an interesting perspective about whether you use less or more on weekends. I think I use the most on Sunday's because it's the one day I don't have to worry about anyone seeing me too high since I'm a secret user (boyfriend has football guys' day on Sundays so I'm alone usually). Anyway, hope you are having a great day! :)","I should care more about people seeing me too high. If any of my colleagues knows much about opiates, they definately know I'm an addict.

I'm always way too high at work. Falling asleep 1 minute into a meeting while standing up, nearly falling sometimes. Sometimes I'm nodded off then have one of those falling sensations, then I scare the shit out of everyone when I jolt awake in my chair. The worst was when I was in a Skype call with the IT guy and was sharing my screen, then he asked me to type some code into the console and it was just ""ipconfiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii"" and he didnt say anything for few seconds so I kept nodding off. That last one was just easy to blamed lag or the keyboard being broken. Lol.

Unfortunately I'm no longer a secret addict since my parents found the needles. They're the only people I wish never knew. I don't care if the rest of the world knows. I just feel so bad letting them down.

Anyways. I'm aiming to cut down a lot! I will only do small doses for sleep and waking, and mainly reserve my doses for when I do stuff like write music or skateboard or draw or make retarded squirrel viddos."
1303,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"I've known three opioid addicts in the 18-22 range. 

One transitioned to heroin from recreational drug use (I believe from recreational codeine to the more 'hardcore' opioids and stimulants). 

One only used pills and had a consistent supply of money for their addiction.

The other got hooked on to vicodin after a (botched) surgery and eventually got hyperalgesia as a result and ended up on fentanyl patches for years (but is clean now)."
1304,"I've known three opioid addicts in the 18-22 range. 

One transitioned to heroin from recreational drug use (I believe from recreational codeine to the more 'hardcore' opioids and stimulants). 

One only used pills and had a consistent supply of money for their addiction.

The other got hooked on to vicodin after a (botched) surgery and eventually got hyperalgesia as a result and ended up on fentanyl patches for years (but is clean now).",You’re lucky they all made it man
1305,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"I started on oxycodone and codeine, once I ran out I moved straight onto snorting heroin at 20, a lot cheaper and easier to access. I’ve been off opiates for about a year now though"
1306,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"I've managed my opiate addiction for 3 decades...always avoided h. Just never wanted to cross that line. Dont care about ""high"" I just stay well...short acting pills got me here over the first 20yrs, but the bupe changed the game
Once you realize it never ends, you have to choose your way... for me, the seeds were legal, cheap, and more than one use( safe too...) 7+yrs...they had to fuck w/those too...*sigh*
Tonight, I will spike my vein for the first time. 
I cried & promised to forgive my 45yo self ...but I'm sick. U know ?"
1307,"I've managed my opiate addiction for 3 decades...always avoided h. Just never wanted to cross that line. Dont care about ""high"" I just stay well...short acting pills got me here over the first 20yrs, but the bupe changed the game
Once you realize it never ends, you have to choose your way... for me, the seeds were legal, cheap, and more than one use( safe too...) 7+yrs...they had to fuck w/those too...*sigh*
Tonight, I will spike my vein for the first time. 
I cried & promised to forgive my 45yo self ...but I'm sick. U know ?",[removed]
1308,[removed],sorry removed comment because we feel it protects the availability/legality of what youre doing if we dont allow talk of it here/out of the spotlight. hope that makes sense.
1309,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,Know very few h users my age range (18-22). None younger than that
1310,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"Yes, your assumptions are pretty much correct, although the rate of new H addicts has declined due to the prevalence of OD's in the media and all the stigma that Heroin carries these days (excessive if you ask me, not referring to Fentanyl of course). I think as doctors prescribe less and less, the number of new Opioid addicts will level off.

There are still approximately 1.5 Million Opioid addicts in the US as opposed to 400-500K before the Opioid epidemic created so many new & young ones, so the market will still be bigger than it has been in a long time (probably ever) but thankfully teens have less of a chance to be exposed through pills that flooded the illicit market like 10 years ago.

Of course things can change or even reverse in a decade or possibly even less time, but for the next 5 years or so it seems like the illicit Opioid user group will be pretty stable. One thing is for sure, the illicit Opium and refined Opioid industry has certainly grown and earned a lot of poor farmers and others a lot of our money - there are many new people getting involved in the business as they see others benefiting from it, whether it's a peasant farmer in Mexico or a cartel associate refining a Kilogram."
1311,"Yes, your assumptions are pretty much correct, although the rate of new H addicts has declined due to the prevalence of OD's in the media and all the stigma that Heroin carries these days (excessive if you ask me, not referring to Fentanyl of course). I think as doctors prescribe less and less, the number of new Opioid addicts will level off.

There are still approximately 1.5 Million Opioid addicts in the US as opposed to 400-500K before the Opioid epidemic created so many new & young ones, so the market will still be bigger than it has been in a long time (probably ever) but thankfully teens have less of a chance to be exposed through pills that flooded the illicit market like 10 years ago.

Of course things can change or even reverse in a decade or possibly even less time, but for the next 5 years or so it seems like the illicit Opioid user group will be pretty stable. One thing is for sure, the illicit Opium and refined Opioid industry has certainly grown and earned a lot of poor farmers and others a lot of our money - there are many new people getting involved in the business as they see others benefiting from it, whether it's a peasant farmer in Mexico or a cartel associate refining a Kilogram.","with all the fake fentanyl pills out there, thats a grey variable.  LIke its not real pharma,  I'm not sure how many people know they are fake or not.  But that muddies the water a bit I guess making this analysis I'm asking about."
1312,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"I'm in my mid 20s and in my few years of addiction, I've definitely seen a lot of the younger crowd getting down.. I've been locked up and to rehab and have met too many young people get sucked into this lifestyle.
I, myself, was occasionally smoking week and having wine every night and then randomly got introduced to boy... and well, it was downhill from there. game over. I feel like I'm def a rare case of making that jump straight to dope without using pills first, it's a crazy experience. everyone that I've known had used pills before they switched.
the shit is becoming too accessable and once people get that first line or shot or whatever.... I mean, y'all know the rest."
1313,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,thats a good point i hadn't thought about
1314,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,Interested as well. I don't know any young junkies myself
1315,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,About 5-10 years ago one of the high schools used to have a serious speedball problem where kids were buying speedballs then transitioned to just straight heroin and those classes that graduate make up the majority of opiate users in my area but a lot of younger kids have easy access to presses and it just makes transitioning to heroin seems so much easier and rational in their mind. That’s how I came to be a heroin user (age range 18-22) but I’ve been an addict of Vicodin and percs since I was 14. It really all varies. I know people willing to try heroin as long as it’s not cut up with bullshit like fent bc it’s cheaper and lasts longer quantity wise. Sorry for the ramble I know I was all over the place lol.
1316,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"I'm almost 30 and I'm seeing a lot of younger kids like 18-21 on dope now. Maybe its just cuz I know what to look for now but it seems like wayyy more than when I was that age, but I've seen a lot of them goin straight to that fentdope.

Shit a few of the ones I've talked to don't know shit about the pharma pills or anything,"
1317,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"my perspective is from australia, which is no doubt different to many others, but the younger crowd seem to be more in to the meth and eccy than smack

the 'pill' situation here is also fundamentally different to the states

users here are more likely to want H over pills, despite pills being generally cheaper at about 50c/mg of opioid so a 100mg morphine tab typically costs about $A50 ($US35) compared to $400 a gram of H that is likely to be less than 20% pure in my jurisdiction"
1318,"my perspective is from australia, which is no doubt different to many others, but the younger crowd seem to be more in to the meth and eccy than smack

the 'pill' situation here is also fundamentally different to the states

users here are more likely to want H over pills, despite pills being generally cheaper at about 50c/mg of opioid so a 100mg morphine tab typically costs about $A50 ($US35) compared to $400 a gram of H that is likely to be less than 20% pure in my jurisdiction","Yeah same here - in the UK young H addicts are very rare. Infact out of my 20 or so circle of friends, one ended up straight on Heroin from other drugs like weed/coke -  I was the nerdy one who started off CWEing codeine then progressed to darkweb oxy.

Over here weed is the common drug, then cocaine. Also party drugs like MDMA.  Nobody uses Heroin or other opiates, other than the stereotype of the homeless H addict.

I left some oxy 40's in my office in work, the cleaners tidied my office and just left them on my desk. The boss came in and left a note on my desk about work, ignored the pills.  Nobody here even knows what oxy is. They were just generic painkillers to them. Here, ""illegal drugs"" are a powder or a plant.

But here we don't have the culture of kids ""lets raid our moms medicine cabinet bro lets get high as fuck dude"".  I know I'm hypocritical as fuck for saying it  but a lot of Americans seem to get stuck at the mental age of 14 years old."
1319,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"So here's what happened with me, started experimenting with pain pills at 18 but it never really became an ""addiction"" because of the scarcity. Tried heroin for the first time at 21 only because it was much easier to find and much cheaper too, and it became an ""addiction"" very quickly for that very reason. I'd imagine it would be the same for many young people. Most 18 year old kids aren't just going to experiment with heroin for the hell of it. But if they try pills first, they already know what to expect and the concept of heroin becomes way less scary.

I couldn't imagine going through a full blown pill addiction phase. Waaay too expensive. I've known people who had perc habits that cost hundreds of dollars a day"
1320,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"yes and no, i think. a lot of people still seem to aim for pills when they can  get em. that includes the stupid presses sadly. i havent known many to jump right to H. but im sure it happens faster and more often somewhat yea. however while presses are around,  i think theyll be a short stop between 0 and heroin for a   while. plus the few real pills still around. this is better and worse, russian roulette. this is speaking on strictly ""i wanna get high, recreation only"" heroin users. 

but then theres still the stupidly big group of new heroin users that are pain patients that have leaped that way. luckily it seems many of us dont leap straight there. but it can be close sometimes. i was in high school on legitimate, non abuse or recreation opiates. street pills at 22. heroin 6 months later, also at 22. my pill phase (on streets) was very short lived due to money and access."
1321,"yes and no, i think. a lot of people still seem to aim for pills when they can  get em. that includes the stupid presses sadly. i havent known many to jump right to H. but im sure it happens faster and more often somewhat yea. however while presses are around,  i think theyll be a short stop between 0 and heroin for a   while. plus the few real pills still around. this is better and worse, russian roulette. this is speaking on strictly ""i wanna get high, recreation only"" heroin users. 

but then theres still the stupidly big group of new heroin users that are pain patients that have leaped that way. luckily it seems many of us dont leap straight there. but it can be close sometimes. i was in high school on legitimate, non abuse or recreation opiates. street pills at 22. heroin 6 months later, also at 22. my pill phase (on streets) was very short lived due to money and access.","the existence of presses basically makes the whole absence of pharma pills pointless.  

that stepping block to heroin is still there (presses)...its just more deadly and more abundant than when it was real pills.

so basically nothing is accomplished by the crackdown on real pills other than shifting profit from pharma to the cartel and causing more death."
1322,"the existence of presses basically makes the whole absence of pharma pills pointless.  

that stepping block to heroin is still there (presses)...its just more deadly and more abundant than when it was real pills.

so basically nothing is accomplished by the crackdown on real pills other than shifting profit from pharma to the cartel and causing more death.",">so basically nothing is accomplished by the crackdown on real pills other than shifting profit from pharma to the cartel and causing more death.

Correct. Exactly this. Really good summary of the entire thing"
1323,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"No. High school aged kids really only use coke in my experience, I’ve never seen someone under 20 that’s uses h
Edit: && high schoolers have easy access to presses and seemingly either don’t know or care that they’re dangerous"
1324,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,One of my friends tried heroin and he’s 14 or 15 now
1325,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,I have yet to see any of my friends on anything like heroin or meth. Actually twice I have seen someone accidentally snort meth. Most people would rather just pop pills then go to something like heroin. It is more or less a moral thing.
1326,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"For me personally, I started using 6 or so years ago (I was 19/20) when it was easy to get vics/percs but I always preferred stronger highs and didn’t really like pills 

The first time I used I never intended to “enjoy it” or try to get lit, i grew up with dope heads in my family and was pretty hard against ever using H. But I was depressed and I wanted to die and figured that’s how I’m gonna go out. Somehow I survived that shit and it all blew up from there. 

Obv that’s just my experience and from what I’ve seen I’m the few. I’ve seen a few kids that are wild and will take anything and everything offered to them, few of them tried the wrong shit and ended up with addictions but for the most part they’ll still start with pills"
1327,Are new heroin users being made a lot these days? are they young? do they go str8 to heroin/fent instead of pills?,"As a way too young user i definitely bypassed the pill phase, after weed h was the first thing i tried, however other kids my age range and location take substitutes instead since they're much easier to come by."
1328,"Dilated pupils and red eyes from H, but feel no high?","Your eyes are doing the opposite of what they should.. typically with opiates, the pupils will constrict until they are tiny little pinpoints. The only time they dilate is when a user is going through withdrawal.."
1329,"Your eyes are doing the opposite of what they should.. typically with opiates, the pupils will constrict until they are tiny little pinpoints. The only time they dilate is when a user is going through withdrawal..","That's what I meant, I guess I used the wrong word. Yah they look like needles. Like I feel SOMETHING when I smoke it, so I just smoked 2 hits. I've literally done like like atleast 3/5ths of the bag and barely anything, definitely not that warm cozy blanket everyone speaks of"
1330,"That's what I meant, I guess I used the wrong word. Yah they look like needles. Like I feel SOMETHING when I smoke it, so I just smoked 2 hits. I've literally done like like atleast 3/5ths of the bag and barely anything, definitely not that warm cozy blanket everyone speaks of","That sucks. Maybe you got some fent analog shit. That made me really sleepy, without a noticable high. I recommend maybe dont take any more, because you could be higher than you realize? Idk I have no idea what fent feels like to a person with no tolerance, but idk why you dont feel cozy. Just leave. This life sucks."
1331,"Dilated pupils and red eyes from H, but feel no high?","[here are some posts about using opiates for the first time](https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/search?q=First+time+opiate&restrict_sr=on&include_over_18=on)

You should really stay far away. Opiates are unlike any other class of drugs in that they sneak up on you and you're hooked before you even notice there's a problem."
1332,"Dilated pupils and red eyes from H, but feel no high?",[deleted]
1333,[deleted],Yeah if the pupils are big that means its not an opiate.  Could be a synthetic cannabinoid
1334,Yeah if the pupils are big that means its not an opiate.  Could be a synthetic cannabinoid,You likely got a fent anologue. I'm so sorry.
1335,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,Your life will be a lot easier and happier if you don't date an addict. Sorry I have to say this. Best wishes. <3
1336,Your life will be a lot easier and happier if you don't date an addict. Sorry I have to say this. Best wishes. <3,"This... I myself am an addict and trying to get clean... I've put my Mrs through shit, but lucky, for me! She's stayed with me. Her life could be so fucking much easier without me in it... Just saying that hurts like fuck! But sometimes, you have to know where to cut your ties and run."
1337,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"This guy is 6 years older than you and has been getting high for years. He may love you but he loves getting high more. You will never measure up to heroin. And probably not even kratom for that matter. You cannot replicate the feelings and instant gratification of a drug. You also do not really know this person. You have not spent any extended amount of time with him when he is sober. And when he's sober, you say he's distant and not affectionate. 

You're a naive girl with too much love for her own good dating a pro addict. He even got to live in your dorm! And you know the money you ""lent"" (gave) him wasn't for car insurance. Being familiar with the areas mentioned, it was probably for exactly 20 bags of dope.  Just leave now before you become the girl who cares so much about her bf that she wants to see why he's so addicted to this drug and tries it herself. I've seen that happen too."
1338,"This guy is 6 years older than you and has been getting high for years. He may love you but he loves getting high more. You will never measure up to heroin. And probably not even kratom for that matter. You cannot replicate the feelings and instant gratification of a drug. You also do not really know this person. You have not spent any extended amount of time with him when he is sober. And when he's sober, you say he's distant and not affectionate. 

You're a naive girl with too much love for her own good dating a pro addict. He even got to live in your dorm! And you know the money you ""lent"" (gave) him wasn't for car insurance. Being familiar with the areas mentioned, it was probably for exactly 20 bags of dope.  Just leave now before you become the girl who cares so much about her bf that she wants to see why he's so addicted to this drug and tries it herself. I've seen that happen too.",Best advice yet ^
1339,"This guy is 6 years older than you and has been getting high for years. He may love you but he loves getting high more. You will never measure up to heroin. And probably not even kratom for that matter. You cannot replicate the feelings and instant gratification of a drug. You also do not really know this person. You have not spent any extended amount of time with him when he is sober. And when he's sober, you say he's distant and not affectionate. 

You're a naive girl with too much love for her own good dating a pro addict. He even got to live in your dorm! And you know the money you ""lent"" (gave) him wasn't for car insurance. Being familiar with the areas mentioned, it was probably for exactly 20 bags of dope.  Just leave now before you become the girl who cares so much about her bf that she wants to see why he's so addicted to this drug and tries it herself. I've seen that happen too.",all of this. super sleazy a 24 year old would be dating a minor too. even if she was close to her birthday wtf.
1340,all of this. super sleazy a 24 year old would be dating a minor too. even if she was close to her birthday wtf.,"He is dating her because young people are easy to manipulate.

He's using her."
1341,"He is dating her because young people are easy to manipulate.

He's using her.",of course! he’s a predator.
1342,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"I'm not a liar, but I cant tell you how many times I've lied just because the truth is too hard to say. It's nothing to do about how much I care for someone, I'm just too weak. I'm a natural liar now. My dad calls me a liar. I guess I am a liar, but it's so hard to say stuff. I've gotten soo good at lying now. It's like I'm actually tricking my brain to beleive the lie was actually real. Creating detailed imaginary worlds. I have no advice. I'm an addict, and never want to have a relationship because I will ruin someone from it. I never really see it ending."
1343,"I'm not a liar, but I cant tell you how many times I've lied just because the truth is too hard to say. It's nothing to do about how much I care for someone, I'm just too weak. I'm a natural liar now. My dad calls me a liar. I guess I am a liar, but it's so hard to say stuff. I've gotten soo good at lying now. It's like I'm actually tricking my brain to beleive the lie was actually real. Creating detailed imaginary worlds. I have no advice. I'm an addict, and never want to have a relationship because I will ruin someone from it. I never really see it ending.","I think you should leave him. When I met my ex, he was heavily addicted and I wasn't. I lost everything. Please don't be stupid like I was."
1344,"I think you should leave him. When I met my ex, he was heavily addicted and I wasn't. I lost everything. Please don't be stupid like I was.","Yes. I wanted to say leave him too, but I just feel guilty or sad to say it."
1345,"I'm not a liar, but I cant tell you how many times I've lied just because the truth is too hard to say. It's nothing to do about how much I care for someone, I'm just too weak. I'm a natural liar now. My dad calls me a liar. I guess I am a liar, but it's so hard to say stuff. I've gotten soo good at lying now. It's like I'm actually tricking my brain to beleive the lie was actually real. Creating detailed imaginary worlds. I have no advice. I'm an addict, and never want to have a relationship because I will ruin someone from it. I never really see it ending.",i feel this.
1346,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"Being there for an addict is important FOR THE ADDICT. It's not important for you.

You owe him nothing.

Let me say this again  -- YOU OWE HIM NOTHING. 

Those people saying how great you are for being there with him through it all?

Uh, they're not there with him through anything. They are saying how great you are but it's not something they would ever do and so it's just words. They just think it's great it's not them having to deal with it. 

And you DO NOT have to deal with it. Again -- you owe him NOTHING. 

You owe yourself the best things you can do for yourself. Fuck what anyone else says and fuck what he says.

Put yourself first.

Be there for yourself.  

Break up with this guy.

That is literally the best thing you can do for you, and you are the only person you should be concerned with right now.  Take care of you and forget this boyfriend. Whatever happens to him is on him and him alone.

This situation and this guy are making you miserable.   You deserve to be happy. End the relationship and move on!"
1347,"Being there for an addict is important FOR THE ADDICT. It's not important for you.

You owe him nothing.

Let me say this again  -- YOU OWE HIM NOTHING. 

Those people saying how great you are for being there with him through it all?

Uh, they're not there with him through anything. They are saying how great you are but it's not something they would ever do and so it's just words. They just think it's great it's not them having to deal with it. 

And you DO NOT have to deal with it. Again -- you owe him NOTHING. 

You owe yourself the best things you can do for yourself. Fuck what anyone else says and fuck what he says.

Put yourself first.

Be there for yourself.  

Break up with this guy.

That is literally the best thing you can do for you, and you are the only person you should be concerned with right now.  Take care of you and forget this boyfriend. Whatever happens to him is on him and him alone.

This situation and this guy are making you miserable.   You deserve to be happy. End the relationship and move on!","So obvious--yet she actually needed to be told this so that she could finally move on to find a decent husband for herself--and a decent father for her future kids.

Wake up, woman!"
1348,"So obvious--yet she actually needed to be told this so that she could finally move on to find a decent husband for herself--and a decent father for her future kids.

Wake up, woman!",Making her feel bad won't help her. Are you interested in helping her?
1349,Making her feel bad won't help her. Are you interested in helping her?,"I'm making her feel bad?!?--what about her boyfriend???

The whole post is supportive, except: ""Wake up, woman!""--which seems to be a necessary wake-up call, because she's apparently willing to put up with anything..."
1350,"I'm making her feel bad?!?--what about her boyfriend???

The whole post is supportive, except: ""Wake up, woman!""--which seems to be a necessary wake-up call, because she's apparently willing to put up with anything...",">I'm making her feel bad?!?

I think so. You sounded like you were shaming her.

>what about her boyfriend???

What about him? What does he have to do with you? Just because he is a dick doesn't mean you aren't.  

>The whole post is supportive,

No, it's not.  None of it is. It sounds totally judgmental.

Here's your post:

>So obvious--yet she actually needed to be told this so that she could finally move on to find a decent husband for herself--and a decent father for her future kids.

>Wake up, woman!

>which seems to be a necessary wake-up call, because she's apparently willing to put up with anything...

You think that sounds supportive? ""So obvious""?! ""She ACTUALLY needed to be told this""?! 

You ACTUALLY think that sounds supportive?

It doesn't. 

It's not a ""wake-up call"" and it's not ""necessary."" It counterproductive and abusive. If you truly believe you sound supportive  -- and you may not; you may just be a passive-aggressive abuser -- you have absolutely no idea what the word ""supportive"" means."
1351,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"I'll throw in my 2c having been in similar situations. I think most people are correct in that leaving him and moving on will be your best bet. One is that he will probably always choose the drug before you. Two is that you're not his caretaker, it is not your duty or obligation to make sure he's safe, okay, whatever. And third, is even if he gets clean (which I doubt you've ever known him while truly clean), he may not even be the same guy you fell in love with. Drugs change who you are and how you act. When I'm clean I'm completely different from when I'm using*. And honestly, I had much better luck dating when I used heavily. More chatty, better mood, more calm and relaxed, less libido so not nervous around partners, etc. When I'm sober I'm a completely different person than that. Especially if he's using to self-medicate, finding the drugs that make him feel ""well"" might be a longer process than you're willing to stick with.

All and all, you're young, barely an adult really. You don't need to waste your time trying to save a junkie who doesn't want to fix himself. You deserve better and you shouldn't get caught up in the sunk-cost fallacy of thinking all this time will be a waste if you leave. Holding his hand can be just as harmful as leaving him outright, really depends. Bottom line is he won't get clean for you, for his mother, for his future kids, for anyone other than himself. No addict will. So let him figure it out and if he becomes a man you can love then maybe you can let him back in your life."
1352,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"you’re so so young, get away from this guy and never look back, hate to say it but he’s bad news, got no business w someone so young either. you don’t need this stress or the bullshit that goes along with it. ditch him and never look back before he pulls you into this black vortex of a lifestyle. he’s already hurt you enough. you don’t need this shit. I mean look, his bullshit has already driven you to drink to cope. stick with him and you’re even more susceptible to picking up heroin."
1353,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"honestly just reading all this made me exhausted, i dont know how you can put up with it. heroin addiction apart, he sounds like an asshole and you know it. addicts need support, but not from anyone. he needs professional help, not yours. he's dragging you down. you already know you should leave him, and he'll probably try to do some emotional blackmail to win you back. whatever happens to him after you break up is not your fault. if he was really trying to recover and be better you'd know. if he's really interested then he would do it  for himself and you can offer your friendship during this process if you still care for him anyway. then when he's good enough to be in a relationship you can reevaluate yours. with heroin involved you'll never be the main relationship. that's my advice as a recovering heroin addict"
1354,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"I really don’t see any reason why you should stay with this person; it sounds like he’s taking advantage of you, and it doesn’t sound like it’s really ever been good. It seems like you’re in the beginning of college? A lot of couples break up just bc they want to be single for college, with no serious problems (like their significant other being a heroin addict) even present in the relationship. “You the reason I wasn’t single in college!” might be big Sean lyrics but I have literally heard this said in real life as a weird insult / guilt trip.. just shows people regret that shit. I’m all for relationships but this one just seems problematic, and aside from the obvious problems everyone else is already going to point out, I just wanted to highlight that you’re at an important stage in your life. During college, you have school and your social life to focus on; if you add in a problematic relationship, you’re not going to have time for all three. These could be the best years of your life (they were for me, I’m not just repeating an annoying cliche)... don’t waste them on someone who is more focused on heroin than you anyway."
1355,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"Definitely leave the dude and dont look back. I dated a girl a lot like you (well, given the limited info I have about you) the first time I started to get strung out. That was 10 years ago, long enough that it shouldn't matter to me any more (certainly doesn't matter to her I'm sure), and I still wish I'd just broken up with her or just never started dating her to begin with. She was this bright light of happiness, genuine care for others and sweetness unlike anyone I'd ever met. I watched myself dim that light over the course of a year and didn't even realize it until a year after she dumped me finally. I've never stopped regretting it and still feel I haven't redeemed myself from it, probably never will. I cant/dont want to imagine what was going on in her head during that time. It makes my head hurt and stomach roll over. Unless you want to be dimmed too, definitely leave this dude."
1356,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"First off, I'm very sorry about your situation. I'm actually a recovering addict with almost six years of clean time, and I'm still trying to fix the relationships I destroyed. If he's already injecting it then he's not going to ever get clean until he truly hits bottom and wants to change. You're young, and it sounds like you love him. My advice to you is to tell him that he needs to get clean and sober, or you're going to leave him. I'm sure my advice sounds harsh, but I do know that I've hurt so many people when I was using drugs. I'm not a liar, and I'm not a thief. But I was both of those things when I needed another fix to prevent going into withdrawal. I've seen so many people who ruined not only their own lives, but the lives of their loved ones as well. So, I guess it comes down to how much you truly love him. I wish you the best and I hope he chooses you and his family over death and destruction."
1357,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,Run...seriously he has a long path to travel to have any chance of getting togeather and he may never.  You need to love from a distance so he doesn't drag you down with him.
1358,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"""Can we just be friends?"""
1359,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"Get as far away from this guy as possible. You’re a freshman in college with your whole life in front of you. He’s a grown man dating a child (I assume you were having sex with him before you were 18) and crashing in her dorm room because he has no where else to stay. No judgement here (on you, but definitely on him) but you have to run. He’s in the midst of active addiction, where many of us have been. He needs a lot more help than you can give him."
1360,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,Wait why is a 24 year old dating someone who turned 18 while they were dating. Little bit predatory.
1361,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,Move on. Don’t let this guy drag your life down. I know he probably seems worldly or some other bullshit - don’t let him fuck your life up. You can do better. He is living in your dorm without a job injecting heroin. Come one. Wake up!
1362,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,Pmd
1363,my boyfriend is a heroin addict................advice?,"Hes a child predator and you're ridiculously naive. dump the fuckin loser jfc he doesnt give half of a shit about you. How is that hard to understand. Keep it up and you'll find out what real misery is. Like this is the situation you read about on this sub from the dudes perspective where its a thinly veiled brag about how much of a stud they are for leading some naive fool on into supporting their ridiculous habit. Most of the time cheating the whole time; only ever showing remorse because they got caught and lost their free meal ticket. Also if you want a relationship to work, little psa but forcing someone to give up everything they love for you isnt a good way to endear yourself."
1364,"For my American friends, just how hard is it getting a doctor's prescription for an Opioid amidst the Opioid crisis?",I've heard of people being given Tylenol (paracetamol if i'm not mistaken) for post-**open heart surgery** pain.
1365,I've heard of people being given Tylenol (paracetamol if i'm not mistaken) for post-**open heart surgery** pain.,That’s really fucked up..... I got hydros for my surgery and my sisters got oxy. For some reasons my older sis got like a shit ton of oxy like maybe 60+ 5mg? I took 20 and remember it not even putting a dent in her script. She had some left over too b4 anyone starts shaming me for taking someone’s meds.
1366,That’s really fucked up..... I got hydros for my surgery and my sisters got oxy. For some reasons my older sis got like a shit ton of oxy like maybe 60+ 5mg? I took 20 and remember it not even putting a dent in her script. She had some left over too b4 anyone starts shaming me for taking someone’s meds.,Somehow I feel like that's just as fucked up as telling someone whose ribs hurt like hell that they can only have paracet and ibuprofen. I'm not saying you're in any sort of wrong for skimming meds the patient didn't need. I'm saying that overprescribing seems almost as bad (not fully as bad because at least the patient gets their relief) as underprescribing.
1367,I've heard of people being given Tylenol (paracetamol if i'm not mistaken) for post-**open heart surgery** pain.,I don't  know about all surgeries but they just did it again to an elderly family member (tylenol via IV only) post surgery...open hernia surgery/complications. Terrible and cruel imho. Goes home tomorrow
1368,"For my American friends, just how hard is it getting a doctor's prescription for an Opioid amidst the Opioid crisis?",Super hard even if you really need em
1369,Super hard even if you really need em,unless you’re in wv!
1370,unless you’re in wv!,Or if ur a veteran. I’ve met so many vets who have back problems get oxy like candy.
1371,Or if ur a veteran. I’ve met so many vets who have back problems get oxy like candy.,"pharmaceutical companies basically control politics in wv, doctors have incentives to write scripts. it’s beyond fucked, everyone here is a junkie"
1372,"pharmaceutical companies basically control politics in wv, doctors have incentives to write scripts. it’s beyond fucked, everyone here is a junkie","All bullshit starts in CA...so draconian policies are coming your way that will ensure that your legal pill poppers will be trying to eyeball a gram & smell test for raw on the street within a year if someone doesnt wake the fuck up. 
I would give anything to have the San Diego rx manufacturers  & their habit of flooding the streets with previews of what we were all missing at our friendly family doctor...let them rule it. There would be a lot less young people dead in Ohio, Rhode island, typhus & the black plague in Los Angeles, fentanalogues killing middle school kids fucking w/pills (or there is nothing, laws are so strict...so they huff solvents...brain cells gone.
-and dont stray too far from your hotel at Disneyland. CA is hell on earth now. Top to bottom. Drunk, tweaker, junkie...or psych med zombie...CA is fuuuuucked.
The fucking taliban/CIA controls who is sick & who is well now.also who lives & dies along with the cartels I guess? 
West coast crooked doctors (many who got busted selling scripts to their escorts & worse,) act like they have no hands with which  to write, as though they serve any other purpose but to HEAL SICK AND STOP PAIN...
 but I know all too well that way too many 40-60yo docs are just praying that their rampant coke habits go undiscovered... something distracting to remember that next time one of them looks you dead in the eye when you present with a compound fracture at the ER & Dr. Lamborghini asks you ""have you ever had torodol?"" 
There are so many levels of politics at work here, but in all my years I have never seen anything like this. I am sad for WV now, but so much more frightened for what will happen when the DEA gets there.
(But hey, wtf do I know?) ;)"
1373,Or if ur a veteran. I’ve met so many vets who have back problems get oxy like candy.,"So not true. It is even worse now than civilian docs since the new year. And if  an lvn even thinks that you are ungrateful for his flexoril rx for your fused lumbar spinal pain after going through pain mgmt group therapy (always...) then PT with otc, and perhaps you ask to speak with your actual doctor or even nurse practitioner you will instead get to meet the VA police. 
This actually happened to my husband, who knows fuck all about being a walking pharmacy like the bulk of us here & def. we old timers (sure, in a perfect world he'd have come home with buckets of soma that he would never take but he knew to say no to flexoril, he had good reason & had no opioid use on his chart or any other meds...this LVN had a hard on for him for whatever reason, (later forced to apologize, as my husband is also a disabled veteran.
Things are out of control. I was at the VA & heard an old man crying, I couldn't stand it anymore, went to sit with him to see if I could help...they'd cut his testicles off that day...and refused him anything more than a 5mg vicodin ""qid"" (every 6 hours?)  poor bastard should have been on a drip at LEAST. he just cried. proud to say I got him fixed up, but just that time, through shaming dehumanizing people that have no business in medicine.
Do not trust the VA to care for your loved ones, stay vigilant. 
""But hey..,wtf  do i know?"";)
 Now, if you will excuse me...I have a rig to tend to."
1374,"So not true. It is even worse now than civilian docs since the new year. And if  an lvn even thinks that you are ungrateful for his flexoril rx for your fused lumbar spinal pain after going through pain mgmt group therapy (always...) then PT with otc, and perhaps you ask to speak with your actual doctor or even nurse practitioner you will instead get to meet the VA police. 
This actually happened to my husband, who knows fuck all about being a walking pharmacy like the bulk of us here & def. we old timers (sure, in a perfect world he'd have come home with buckets of soma that he would never take but he knew to say no to flexoril, he had good reason & had no opioid use on his chart or any other meds...this LVN had a hard on for him for whatever reason, (later forced to apologize, as my husband is also a disabled veteran.
Things are out of control. I was at the VA & heard an old man crying, I couldn't stand it anymore, went to sit with him to see if I could help...they'd cut his testicles off that day...and refused him anything more than a 5mg vicodin ""qid"" (every 6 hours?)  poor bastard should have been on a drip at LEAST. he just cried. proud to say I got him fixed up, but just that time, through shaming dehumanizing people that have no business in medicine.
Do not trust the VA to care for your loved ones, stay vigilant. 
""But hey..,wtf  do i know?"";)
 Now, if you will excuse me...I have a rig to tend to.",Damnnn I had no idea. Sorry to hear that. I’ve just met a few veterans where I live and they got oxy pretty easily and was just surprised by that. Opiate prescriptions r very strict where I live but not unreasonable. I had a kidney stone and they gave me 10 hydros which was more than enough bc the pain came back one time. That being said the did the whole xray to see if I actually had a kidney stone before prescribing anything.
1375,"For my American friends, just how hard is it getting a doctor's prescription for an Opioid amidst the Opioid crisis?","Yeah it's VERY difficult, I'd much rather risk ordering a month supply of whatever opioid I desire through the DNM than jump through the hundreds of hoops of getting one legally, and even then it's likely less than what you want/need. There is way too much stigma in the US regarding Opioids, the public needs to realize they are not even that dangerous, nor toxic to the body.

Just use your common sense and DO NOT combine other CNS downers with them. We seem to be the only country that doesn't seem to understand that it can and will kill you."
1376,"Yeah it's VERY difficult, I'd much rather risk ordering a month supply of whatever opioid I desire through the DNM than jump through the hundreds of hoops of getting one legally, and even then it's likely less than what you want/need. There is way too much stigma in the US regarding Opioids, the public needs to realize they are not even that dangerous, nor toxic to the body.

Just use your common sense and DO NOT combine other CNS downers with them. We seem to be the only country that doesn't seem to understand that it can and will kill you.",This ^ . Exactly. I have to take kratom now and it’s fucking with my hair (it increases ur immune system and I already have a good one so my body is attacking hair follicles) and who knows what it’s doing long term. It Probs has lead in it. Gonna have cancer. All bc a doctor and govt doesn’t want to give me some oxy lol.
1377,"For my American friends, just how hard is it getting a doctor's prescription for an Opioid amidst the Opioid crisis?","I’ve heard it’s difficult but my only personal experience is that friends still get a couple Vicodin for root canals, so there’s that..."
1378,"For my American friends, just how hard is it getting a doctor's prescription for an Opioid amidst the Opioid crisis?","Get yourself some brain cancer like me, and you'll get a monthly script for the rest of your life, however long that might be."
1379,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,Probably not. Mentally it might stick with ya. Most people who relapse.. Use again the next day or day after that and are back to the races. Try not to be another statistic. Or at least make another week!
1380,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,A good possibility.ive went back into wd after 10 days ..
1381,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,"If you had a decent habit before that, yes unfortunately you will. It won't be exactly like starting over but IME it'll push you back to day 3 or so if you went without anything for 7 days. It's not worth it."
1382,"If you had a decent habit before that, yes unfortunately you will. It won't be exactly like starting over but IME it'll push you back to day 3 or so if you went without anything for 7 days. It's not worth it.",Yeah I mnot going to. I also did subs for 4 days and stopped I’m counting that in the 7 days.
1383,Yeah I mnot going to. I also did subs for 4 days and stopped I’m counting that in the 7 days.,"I think the subs are still slowly leaving your system, or they have just about left.   So IMO if you used once, you have a very big chance of putting yourself back in withdrawals.

It won't put you back in Day 1 so you have to do it all over again (that is a myth - or tapers would never work)  - but it will set you back enough you'll regret it.

TBH I was 11 or 12 days completely clean once, and I relapsed on day 12 - and on day 13 I still felt a little bit icky and unwell.  After 1 dose.  I'd wait at least 2 weeks."
1384,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,"That is super dependent on how long you used before, how much you usually used/used again when relapsed, etc.

Also, relapses happen. Please don't beat yourself up, and keep going forward with sobriety if that is what you wish :)"
1385,"That is super dependent on how long you used before, how much you usually used/used again when relapsed, etc.

Also, relapses happen. Please don't beat yourself up, and keep going forward with sobriety if that is what you wish :)",I was an addict for a a year and a half but for the last 6 months I only did maybe a point a day
1386,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,"i assume you relapsed for a day,,,if that's the case, you should be alright"
1387,"i assume you relapsed for a day,,,if that's the case, you should be alright","I didn’t but I just wanna know if I will cuz i might, I don’t have any money to buy any so I wanna know if I do will I be sick bc I won’t have any money to get more."
1388,If you relapse after seven days off heroin will you withdrawl?,i would cause i would use again the next 3 days at least after the relapse
1389,i would cause i would use again the next 3 days at least after the relapse,I would only do it once tho cuz I don’t have money to get more anyway
1390,I would only do it once tho cuz I don’t have money to get more anyway,Not worth it.
1391,Can Hydrocodone cause dry skin?,I find that I totally forget that human bodies require water consumption when I'm high. Being dehydrated always makes my skin feel dry af. Could be that? Otherwise I have no clue.
1392,Can Hydrocodone cause dry skin?,Yes. All opiates can make your skin dry.
1393,Can Hydrocodone cause dry skin?,recently I heard of people sweating to hell off of oxycodone so I could not tell you.
1394,Can Hydrocodone cause dry skin?,"Yes most opiates and drugs in general dry you out and dehydrate you, I assume it's because your body needs more water for all the extra bullshit"
1395,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"Ouch, 200-300 of oxycontin a day? You're going to have some SERIOUS withdrawals from that much per day sadly.  I literally got sick like I was coming off H, off of 80mg a day when my supply ran out.  

I believe all of us sweat more when using opies, I know I sweat more now than I used to. Idk why, as I don't know the science behind it, but I can also attest to it. I'm a woman, so I just use good deodorant, and shower daily, and I'm living in the south so that's about all I can tell you sadly."
1396,"Ouch, 200-300 of oxycontin a day? You're going to have some SERIOUS withdrawals from that much per day sadly.  I literally got sick like I was coming off H, off of 80mg a day when my supply ran out.  

I believe all of us sweat more when using opies, I know I sweat more now than I used to. Idk why, as I don't know the science behind it, but I can also attest to it. I'm a woman, so I just use good deodorant, and shower daily, and I'm living in the south so that's about all I can tell you sadly.","Yes, I’m fully aware of that, but thanks for reminding me either way. Idk how you managed to steer away from my original question that much, but thanks either way."
1397,"Yes, I’m fully aware of that, but thanks for reminding me either way. Idk how you managed to steer away from my original question that much, but thanks either way.","Wow, ok...wasn't ""steering away"" simply saying that taking that much COULD be a part of the issue and how you may end up in a super sick position, that was it. But if you feel like being snappy at someone for pointing out that aspect, good luck ;)"
1398,"Yes, I’m fully aware of that, but thanks for reminding me either way. Idk how you managed to steer away from my original question that much, but thanks either way.",Lol
1399,"Yes, I’m fully aware of that, but thanks for reminding me either way. Idk how you managed to steer away from my original question that much, but thanks either way.","But before I leave you alone, I'll tell you this. Being on that high of a dose of an extended release pill, could have your body in such a sedated state, even though you're not feeling overly sedated, when you remotely move, your body is working super hard to bring your heart rate back up, so THAT COULD be why you're sweating....but hey, I'm no doctor, just a stupid redditor who points things out, trying to HELP 😂 and yes, I'm currently taking 240ish mg a day of oxy 30s, so I MAY know a little something about the dosing etc after 14 plus years of taking them for a legitimate fucked up back. I was just trying to tell you earlier that I wouldn't take those kind of doses of XR pill of any kind. I'll take my butt out of here now though. 

Wish you the best with your sweating issues...and maybe a happier personality at some point too LOLA"
1400,"But before I leave you alone, I'll tell you this. Being on that high of a dose of an extended release pill, could have your body in such a sedated state, even though you're not feeling overly sedated, when you remotely move, your body is working super hard to bring your heart rate back up, so THAT COULD be why you're sweating....but hey, I'm no doctor, just a stupid redditor who points things out, trying to HELP 😂 and yes, I'm currently taking 240ish mg a day of oxy 30s, so I MAY know a little something about the dosing etc after 14 plus years of taking them for a legitimate fucked up back. I was just trying to tell you earlier that I wouldn't take those kind of doses of XR pill of any kind. I'll take my butt out of here now though. 

Wish you the best with your sweating issues...and maybe a happier personality at some point too LOLA","Appreciate the tips and concern, but ur original reply had absolutely nothing to do with my original question. Wasn’t trying to get advice or knowledge to my addiction (hence the “I know it’s bad). Have a good day! :) thanks for the input."
1401,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"I'd take less, but not less enough that you feel unbearably under-endorphinated (because that's what ""sick"" is, your endorphin system is now shut down)."
1402,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"damn dude thats one hell of a habit to develop in just a few months. no idea how to help the sweating though, i never could figure that one out."
1403,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"I’ve gone from about that same oxy habit to switching to H about 3 years ago and I hate to break it to ya but.... the sweating isn’t going to stop.
I just wear darker clothing and if someone notices me sweating I just tell them I’ve always sweated profusely"
1404,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,Literally my shirt gets wet from sweat dripping off my face sometimes.
1405,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,I suffer from hyperhidrosis so regardless I am always sweaty unfortunately. They have certain dry and other products to help with sweating but it’s really bad for you so I avoid them and just allow my body to sweat
1406,I suffer from hyperhidrosis so regardless I am always sweaty unfortunately. They have certain dry and other products to help with sweating but it’s really bad for you so I avoid them and just allow my body to sweat,"Yeah okay, sorry to hear that. I’m just tired of hiding it like this. I’m going to a concert in 2 weeks in a big city and I’m going with my whole friend group, 10 people circa. My biggest concern is if my body can behave, and I’m sick and tired of it. When I get home from there, this is over. Gonna try and quit cold turkey, if that doesn’t work I’ll have to go the suboxone way."
1407,"Yeah okay, sorry to hear that. I’m just tired of hiding it like this. I’m going to a concert in 2 weeks in a big city and I’m going with my whole friend group, 10 people circa. My biggest concern is if my body can behave, and I’m sick and tired of it. When I get home from there, this is over. Gonna try and quit cold turkey, if that doesn’t work I’ll have to go the suboxone way.",There is no way you will quit that dose cold turkey. Absolutely no way. You don't even have a grasp of how the drug works. Histamine release is what causes your sweats probably. You are a drug addict now and will require  treatment lasting at the very minimum several months.
1408,There is no way you will quit that dose cold turkey. Absolutely no way. You don't even have a grasp of how the drug works. Histamine release is what causes your sweats probably. You are a drug addict now and will require  treatment lasting at the very minimum several months.,"Yes thank you doctor, i am fully aware that I’m an addict lol. I have quit doses like this before and will again. Why do some people on here think they know everybody in and out lmao"
1409,"Yes thank you doctor, i am fully aware that I’m an addict lol. I have quit doses like this before and will again. Why do some people on here think they know everybody in and out lmao",Because you sound like a fucking idiot saying you're going to try cold-turkeying from 300mg/day of oxycodone.
1410,Because you sound like a fucking idiot saying you're going to try cold-turkeying from 300mg/day of oxycodone.,For the record 300 is a stretch. Doing 120 and the morning and 80-120mg in the evening if I wanna be high all day. 60 in the morning and 40 in the evening if I just wanna feel not sick.
1411,Because you sound like a fucking idiot saying you're going to try cold-turkeying from 300mg/day of oxycodone.,"Since you’re fully aware of how this drug works, you probably also know that every body works in different ways. Thanks for the input tho"
1412,"Since you’re fully aware of how this drug works, you probably also know that every body works in different ways. Thanks for the input tho","Actually I'm pretty sure opiate receptors work exactly the same in everybody. Sorry bro. You're fucked. Good luck. This is the time to be humble and accept your faults, if you wish to recover. If not then good luck anyway."
1413,"Actually I'm pretty sure opiate receptors work exactly the same in everybody. Sorry bro. You're fucked. Good luck. This is the time to be humble and accept your faults, if you wish to recover. If not then good luck anyway.","Opiate receptors do, how bad the body reacts don’t. I know I’m fucked and it’s gonna be a stretch, but are you seriously implying that it’s not worth a try? If you come to the point of trying to recover, I think you already have accepted your faults. Thanks anyway. Choose words a little more wiser another time. You kinda come off as a douche thinking someone is stupid for trying to kick a habit"
1414,"Opiate receptors do, how bad the body reacts don’t. I know I’m fucked and it’s gonna be a stretch, but are you seriously implying that it’s not worth a try? If you come to the point of trying to recover, I think you already have accepted your faults. Thanks anyway. Choose words a little more wiser another time. You kinda come off as a douche thinking someone is stupid for trying to kick a habit","There is no way you will quit cold turkey. If you do, and you haven't lied here about your intake, you deserve a fucking medal of honor. It will be a gargantuan effort. You are a serious opioid addict, physiologically speaking. You would be best served by exploring treatment options such as methadone or suboxone."
1415,"There is no way you will quit cold turkey. If you do, and you haven't lied here about your intake, you deserve a fucking medal of honor. It will be a gargantuan effort. You are a serious opioid addict, physiologically speaking. You would be best served by exploring treatment options such as methadone or suboxone.","Read newest comment. 300 is a stretch and has only happened once or twice. Heavy days get close to, but 75% of the time around the 200 mark. I just have a few wonders, why are you so determined to that it’s impossible to kick a habit like that? It surely isn’t, I don’t deserve a medal of honour for it. MANY people have kicked habits much higher. Take a look around at this sub and you’ll figure."
1416,"Opiate receptors do, how bad the body reacts don’t. I know I’m fucked and it’s gonna be a stretch, but are you seriously implying that it’s not worth a try? If you come to the point of trying to recover, I think you already have accepted your faults. Thanks anyway. Choose words a little more wiser another time. You kinda come off as a douche thinking someone is stupid for trying to kick a habit","Wow, you truly are the douche here...everyone is trying to give you advice YOU asked for, and are giving every single one of us shit for it...no way no how will you quit cold turkey off XR meds, without a SERIOUS withdrawal issue. Period. Stop being a dick to everyone trying to HELP you and realize that we've all been through cold Turkey w/d before by no choice of our own, and KNOW the discomfort that goes with it. When you're begging to die, because you can't take the throwing up any longer, and shitting yourself when your puking at the same time, with the feeling your body is literally depleting itself of any and all fluids, energy and umph to move, or function, you will beg to die. And wish you had taken us stupid redditors, who may not be doctors, seriously about at least trying a quick sub taper....wow, it amazes me at the bullshit attitudes that come here and ask for the very advice they no nothing about, til someone points out the obvious then all the sudden they're a genius on the subject they knew nothing about 5 mins prior 🙄"
1417,"Wow, you truly are the douche here...everyone is trying to give you advice YOU asked for, and are giving every single one of us shit for it...no way no how will you quit cold turkey off XR meds, without a SERIOUS withdrawal issue. Period. Stop being a dick to everyone trying to HELP you and realize that we've all been through cold Turkey w/d before by no choice of our own, and KNOW the discomfort that goes with it. When you're begging to die, because you can't take the throwing up any longer, and shitting yourself when your puking at the same time, with the feeling your body is literally depleting itself of any and all fluids, energy and umph to move, or function, you will beg to die. And wish you had taken us stupid redditors, who may not be doctors, seriously about at least trying a quick sub taper....wow, it amazes me at the bullshit attitudes that come here and ask for the very advice they no nothing about, til someone points out the obvious then all the sudden they're a genius on the subject they knew nothing about 5 mins prior 🙄","Literally didn’t, but aight. You take care u. Be careful to not be so hurt over a simple post another time lmao"
1418,"Yeah okay, sorry to hear that. I’m just tired of hiding it like this. I’m going to a concert in 2 weeks in a big city and I’m going with my whole friend group, 10 people circa. My biggest concern is if my body can behave, and I’m sick and tired of it. When I get home from there, this is over. Gonna try and quit cold turkey, if that doesn’t work I’ll have to go the suboxone way.","I recommend doing a quick sub taper and not cold turkey tbh...I’m talking using 8mgs over a 5-7 day process, especially if you’re trying to hide your use...don’t torture yourself if you don’t have to. Feel free to DM me if you want to talk further on why I feel this is better than CT :) either way good luck my friend"
1419,"Yeah okay, sorry to hear that. I’m just tired of hiding it like this. I’m going to a concert in 2 weeks in a big city and I’m going with my whole friend group, 10 people circa. My biggest concern is if my body can behave, and I’m sick and tired of it. When I get home from there, this is over. Gonna try and quit cold turkey, if that doesn’t work I’ll have to go the suboxone way.","when you're drenched in sweat at this concert, just tell your friends that you're on molly...you can say that you bought it off the cookie monster who offered it to you in the bathroom. or you can actually do molly..that's the better option"
1420,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,Also the sweating is caused a combo of our temperature regulation being fucked because thats just what opiates do and also I assume slight withdrawal caused by the drug leaving your body when your busy doing other things the only way to stop it is to stop doing oxy Im pretty sure
1421,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"Don't let people get to you, sometimes you'll see a post like this and nobody will say anything about your dosage. And other times everybody decides to jump on you. If you wanna try going cold Turkey then that's what you should try doing. If it doesn't work out, I wish you the best of luck on the subs. Anyway back to your question. I found this with a pretty quick Google search. Maybe try some Benadryl?

""Opioids: Opioids such as morphine, hydrocodone and Dilaudid are a well-known cause of excessive sweating. Why? Opioids stimulate a type of immune cell known as mast cells that release histamine, the same chemical involved in inflammation, and that in turn leads to sweating."" Jul 31, 2018"
1422,Avoid sweating massively when on opiates?,"I cold turkeyed 4mg of sub a day for 2-3 years for 6 weeks before I relapsed out of boredom and because I started smoking weed again. It's totally possible to cold turkey a hard habit if you've got real will power. Most NPCs here on reddit will tell you ya have to go to rehab for 90 days and it's literally impossible on your own, but that aint true. Ive cold turkeyed many hard habits, xanax, massive kratom habit, suboxone, oxy, etc. It's not that hard if you're actually determined to stop."
1423,best way to redose oxy?,Snort or swallow. Never smoke oxys lol
1424,best way to redose oxy?,"If you redose you wont hit a peak, youll just stay how you feel now for a little longer. Wait until what you already took wears off completely and then take another one."
1425,Vicodin and oxy?,Yes.
1426,Vicodin and oxy?,"Yes, that’s really not that much."
1427,"Yes, that’s really not that much.","Okay that’s what I thought but I wanted to make sure, thank you!"
1428,"Okay that’s what I thought but I wanted to make sure, thank you!",No problem. Stay safe.
1429,Vicodin and oxy?,Ya I did it last night.I took a norco and railed a 15mg oxy
1430,Vicodin and oxy?,Done it plenty of times
1431,Done it plenty of times,"Absolutely, I hope it works."
1432,Anybody else have nightmares?,"Not whilst using, but the first night of withdrawal when I actually got some sleep, I would have some crazy intense , super dark dreams."
1433,Anybody else have nightmares?,"I almost never remember my dreams. But I usually know if they were pleasant or not as I'm waking up. So I can say yes, I have definitely been having some sort of unpleasant dreams a lot lately."
1434,Anybody else have nightmares?,I've had sleep paralysis and night terrors ever since I spent a bunch of time in the hospital watching my daughter's body give up. After the first week or so staying in that room since her mother wouldn't/couldn't it started to really fuck me up. Enough dope puts me out enough if I do dream I sure as hell don't remember it.
1435,Anybody else have nightmares?,"No, but I have dreams that I’ll find a stash of oxy and be pretty bummed when I wake up."
1436,Anybody else have nightmares?,"Yeah man, at my peak usage I was having nightmares daily. It was torture. I’ll never forget it. They went away after I quit."
1437,Anybody else have nightmares?,Yes. I got nightmares from Heroin especially. When I smoked/snorted it and slept that night I got a guaranteed nightmare.
1438,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"Nigga is hurtin. but that dont mean shit  he should still be nice, im still nice while sick just give me some space because small talk while you feel like shit gets annoying after abit"
1439,"Nigga is hurtin. but that dont mean shit  he should still be nice, im still nice while sick just give me some space because small talk while you feel like shit gets annoying after abit","Reading the post, I have the impression OP might be a slightly overly talkative girlfriend - at least too talkative for his WDs. And some people don't straight up tell partners to shut up. I did have partners that didn't take the ""I don't want to talk today"" very well, so I just stopped saying this in other relationships, too. Just lead to me continuing to respond in hopes they'll shut up soon, until I got fed up and turned unfriendly."
1440,"Reading the post, I have the impression OP might be a slightly overly talkative girlfriend - at least too talkative for his WDs. And some people don't straight up tell partners to shut up. I did have partners that didn't take the ""I don't want to talk today"" very well, so I just stopped saying this in other relationships, too. Just lead to me continuing to respond in hopes they'll shut up soon, until I got fed up and turned unfriendly.","Real talk bro. Like i do love you boo but shut yah hole till bro come thru, then we can yap alll fuckin day"
1441,"Reading the post, I have the impression OP might be a slightly overly talkative girlfriend - at least too talkative for his WDs. And some people don't straight up tell partners to shut up. I did have partners that didn't take the ""I don't want to talk today"" very well, so I just stopped saying this in other relationships, too. Just lead to me continuing to respond in hopes they'll shut up soon, until I got fed up and turned unfriendly.","All of this. If he’s hurting the last thing he wants to do is text or talk. Leave his ass alone until he’s not sick. 
End of problem."
1442,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,My suggestion is to just leave him be. Clearly if trying to talk to him only upsets you are not going to reason with someone in WD. He is miserable and misery loves company. I mean from what you are saying this is only his behavior during WD. Why even bring it up if it only lasts a few days.
1443,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,I turn into a real asshole while I’m in wds I don’t mean to be It just happens i get very irritatable and short no matter what I’m doing or who it is I hate being That way but it just happens
1444,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,Don't talk to him. There is literally nothing you can say to him that will help right now.
1445,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"Withdrawals suck and I don’t want to talk to anyone. I am never mean to people especially my husband, but he understands and has been there so he would usually only ask if I needed anything etc. I would recommend you just let him know you love him  and leave him alone."
1446,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"I get the same way as boyfriend and am generally pretty mean, however, that’s not an excuse and I personally don’t think you should deal with it (even if you may or may not deserve it) and definitely need to bring up the conversation about possible rehab or getting clean. Ultimately what’s the point in dating if you don’t have some sort of thought about a future together, and unfortunately it’s usually next to impossible to change somebody you love that’s in active addiction. Wether realizing it or not, you are inevitably going to come second always, I just hope you figure this out on your own without needing to be stung first. Just my opinion though!"
1447,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"Honestly, don’t try talking to him about anything serious, or having any prolonged discussions, while he’s in withdrawal.  Withdrawal completely fucks with your mental state and brain chemistry so he’ll be in rare form and likely won’t be able to convey any real feelings, just artificial anger and depression.

Save the serious shit for when he’s dried out.  During withdrawal, keep things superficial and short.  I know that when I’m in withdrawal, it’s hard for me to even hold a superficial conversation and I often get pissed off just having to engage with people for any prolonged period of time."
1448,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"When your puking your ring up last thing your gonna give is a nice response to anything,,Fuck off being my default reply.
Its Not a good time to bring up anything responsible if you dont want to be rebuffed."
1449,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,Limit interaction with him.  Wait for him to initiate contact if possible.  Don't put up with any bullshit abusive treatment though.  Just because he's miserable doesn't give him the right to lash out at you for nothing.
1450,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,Where do you both live? I was in a very similar situation but I got clean as H tends to stunt ones ability to be as emotionally receptive as they can be and in an LDR that is essential. I honestly don't see this going anywhere well soon unless he starts putting brakes on the cycle
1451,Where do you both live? I was in a very similar situation but I got clean as H tends to stunt ones ability to be as emotionally receptive as they can be and in an LDR that is essential. I honestly don't see this going anywhere well soon unless he starts putting brakes on the cycle,"OP, please don't answer the question of where you live.  Locations aren't allowed in this sub.  Thanks."
1452,"OP, please don't answer the question of where you live.  Locations aren't allowed in this sub.  Thanks.",I'm asking countries. Thanks.
1453,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"I didn't read all the other comments. I just wanted to check in with you because I've been through a similar situation. Do not engage and say something to the effect of, ""I know that you're hurting and in a really badd place right now. However, I do not deserve to be talked to this way. Please get in contact with me when you are able to be nicer"". You don't have to be cruel but you can put your foot down. You do not deserve to be treated like a doormat. He seems to be picking fights with you because he feels crappy, so hes gonna make you feel crappy too. I don't think hes doing it on a conscious level but that's the gist of it"
1454,"I didn't read all the other comments. I just wanted to check in with you because I've been through a similar situation. Do not engage and say something to the effect of, ""I know that you're hurting and in a really badd place right now. However, I do not deserve to be talked to this way. Please get in contact with me when you are able to be nicer"". You don't have to be cruel but you can put your foot down. You do not deserve to be treated like a doormat. He seems to be picking fights with you because he feels crappy, so hes gonna make you feel crappy too. I don't think hes doing it on a conscious level but that's the gist of it","Yeah, my mom isn't an addict but when her mental illness is in a bad cycle, she'll be just like this.  I make it even briefer and say, ""it's obvious that we're not going to be able to have a good discussion right now.  Call me when you can be less argumentative.  Love you, byeeeee!'"
1455,"Yeah, my mom isn't an addict but when her mental illness is in a bad cycle, she'll be just like this.  I make it even briefer and say, ""it's obvious that we're not going to be able to have a good discussion right now.  Call me when you can be less argumentative.  Love you, byeeeee!'","There's really no point in arguing with someone that you know is just trying to argue with you. You know what I mean? I used to try, my mom is kind of like that too. But with my boyfriend, when he was going through withdrawals… I just told him to leave me alone after a while. Once I realized there was absolutely no way that I was going to make him happy, nothing I can say or do is going to make him happy when he feels like that, period.  And I knew it was also not me causing these fights. He would literally blow up if I said Hi to him.  But you're probably right , short and sweet. At least after the initial put your foot down text lol"
1456,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"There's nothing you can do really, just give him space. Personally I hate talking to people while in WD. It makes me feel super uncomfortable and annoyed."
1457,How do I talk to bf when he's in WDs?,"You gotta let me know you will be there for him, but within reason. Also explain to him that you are hurting a lot as well seeing him going through with drawls and it isn’t easy for you as well. But unfortunately at the end of the day he is the one choosing to put himself in this position and he should not be expecting you to cater to him for something that is essentially easily avoidable. I say the easily avoidable with a grain of salt because addiction is a disease and that can’t be forgotten, but you shouldn’t be punished for not being an addict yourself. I wish you much luck and love my friend"
1458,"You gotta let me know you will be there for him, but within reason. Also explain to him that you are hurting a lot as well seeing him going through with drawls and it isn’t easy for you as well. But unfortunately at the end of the day he is the one choosing to put himself in this position and he should not be expecting you to cater to him for something that is essentially easily avoidable. I say the easily avoidable with a grain of salt because addiction is a disease and that can’t be forgotten, but you shouldn’t be punished for not being an addict yourself. I wish you much luck and love my friend","Yeah I understand, addiction is complicated and I've been there (just not with opiates so it's not the same) which is why I don't want to make things worse for him when I know he's rough. I appreciate the support and good wishes to you too fam."
1459,Help me with my codeine and anti-histamines please?,"It’s unlikely you will get any “actual” potentiation to be honest. You can maybe take one of each in advance to prevent the itches and any slight nausea. 10mg Cetrizine and 4mg Chlo will be sufficient to smooth out any negatives.

You’re looking at approx 20mg Morphine depending on your metabolism. Enjoy 👊"
1460,"It’s unlikely you will get any “actual” potentiation to be honest. You can maybe take one of each in advance to prevent the itches and any slight nausea. 10mg Cetrizine and 4mg Chlo will be sufficient to smooth out any negatives.

You’re looking at approx 20mg Morphine depending on your metabolism. Enjoy 👊","Any reason why they won’t potentiate? because what I’ve read and heard is that antihistamines potentiate opiates hence the promethazine in lean. 

Cheers mate ❤️"
1461,"Any reason why they won’t potentiate? because what I’ve read and heard is that antihistamines potentiate opiates hence the promethazine in lean. 

Cheers mate ❤️","They don't ""potentiate"" what they do is make you more sleepy and it makes you nod off more easily. But it's not a technical potentiator. Technically potentiaters fight for the same enzymes in your body, which makes your blood plasma level of the medication go up. What you're talking about is more polypharmacy sedation.
Edit...cant type"
1462,"Any reason why they won’t potentiate? because what I’ve read and heard is that antihistamines potentiate opiates hence the promethazine in lean. 

Cheers mate ❤️","They do not potentiate in the pharmacological sense. A true potentiator inhibits or induces the livers enzymatic system in one way or another. E.g the typical one grapefruit juice (white being best for furanocourmarins) which affects the P450 cytochromes of 3a4 and 2d6, these are the most common for metabolising opioids etc.

Antihistamines can have a synergy, where for example your morphine (enzymatically produced from the Codeine) is made more sedating accompanied with Promethazine etc. Personally finding synergy in combinations is far more common and usually results in great results. My favourite being gabapentoids with Opioids.

Hope this helps!"
1463,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,As someone who has used opes for over 20 years I can tell you this is not necessarily true.
1464,As someone who has used opes for over 20 years I can tell you this is not necessarily true.,Is it something that long breaks in between use seems to fix? Or does the tolerance stay forever? Was it the gear you used?
1465,Is it something that long breaks in between use seems to fix? Or does the tolerance stay forever? Was it the gear you used?,"I don't know but I still get plenty high sometimes and other times it is weaker, like you said. The quality of the dope, how long since your last shot, your roa, all have to do with it I suppose. 

I don't know if you smoke weed but you know how you can go through a whole day smoking and not really get high but then wake up the next morning and get super high? it's kind of the same with dope sometimes."
1466,"I don't know but I still get plenty high sometimes and other times it is weaker, like you said. The quality of the dope, how long since your last shot, your roa, all have to do with it I suppose. 

I don't know if you smoke weed but you know how you can go through a whole day smoking and not really get high but then wake up the next morning and get super high? it's kind of the same with dope sometimes.","yeah I am tapering off oxy using codeine and the codeine is just about keeping me well enough to work, I still have chills and am aching all over but it is tolerable. Other than the codeine taking the edge off, I am not feeling any kind of high or buzz from it at all.

I am on day 9 now of only taking codeine (360mg 3 times a day),  last night I took 360mg didn't feel it at all.  This morning I took my 360mg and I actually got fairly high off of it - yet I was still chilly and achey.  The brain is just a wierd thing sometimes."
1467,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,Tolerance
1468,Tolerance,Yeah. I get tolerance for sure. But that tolerance must be hardwired after the first time. You can go ages. Years. And that tolerance is still there keeping you from the perfect high.
1469,Yeah. I get tolerance for sure. But that tolerance must be hardwired after the first time. You can go ages. Years. And that tolerance is still there keeping you from the perfect high.,Yet the memory of that first high lingers.. And it's a major player when it comes to feeding the monkey..
1470,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,I’ve been doing opiates for over 10 years and I had the BEST high last night !!!! But I definitely did a lot to get to that point
1471,I’ve been doing opiates for over 10 years and I had the BEST high last night !!!! But I definitely did a lot to get to that point,You did a lot as in a lot of subpar hits?
1472,You did a lot as in a lot of subpar hits?,I do pills only...I took 3 80s 😳
1473,I do pills only...I took 3 80s 😳,Oh man. Please be safe. X
1474,Oh man. Please be safe. X,I appreciate that. That was yesterday so I’m definitely OK I just have a ridiculously high tolerance and instead of just not feeling sick I actually wanted to get some euphoria so I bit the bullet and overdid it. But I doing that again when I can’t justify the money into it’s not the smartest decision
1475,I do pills only...I took 3 80s 😳,"Mind if I ask: are you prescribed or get them another way? At the height of my use I was taking ~ 3 x 80s (OPs) per day and I’m thinking of starting back up but holy hell it burns a hole in my wallet, I pay 45-60$ a pop for them (darkwebz) so it costs fucking a thousand plus each week."
1476,"Mind if I ask: are you prescribed or get them another way? At the height of my use I was taking ~ 3 x 80s (OPs) per day and I’m thinking of starting back up but holy hell it burns a hole in my wallet, I pay 45-60$ a pop for them (darkwebz) so it costs fucking a thousand plus each week.",Dunno know about old mate here. But before rehab I got most of mine prescribed by my dr or 2. Which in Australia subsidised by Medicare was $6.20 a packet. Bit over 4 bucks USA. How much are pain meds in the USA usually? Here from a dealer pills are a fucking fortune
1477,Dunno know about old mate here. But before rehab I got most of mine prescribed by my dr or 2. Which in Australia subsidised by Medicare was $6.20 a packet. Bit over 4 bucks USA. How much are pain meds in the USA usually? Here from a dealer pills are a fucking fortune,"Isn’t it quite difficult to get opiates prescribed in Australia?

Pain meds from a doctor would be quite cheap with insurance (maybe $10 to fill a prescription of generic brand, depending on one’s insurance). dealers usually sell at around .75 cents to upwards of $1 per mg (so $30 for a 30mg roxy). Yes it’s insane."
1478,"Isn’t it quite difficult to get opiates prescribed in Australia?

Pain meds from a doctor would be quite cheap with insurance (maybe $10 to fill a prescription of generic brand, depending on one’s insurance). dealers usually sell at around .75 cents to upwards of $1 per mg (so $30 for a 30mg roxy). Yes it’s insane.",Depends on the doctor. But definitely is fairly difficult. Obviously if you have an injury or medical issue and you see a regular doc then you can usually get whatever you need.  If you get prescribed too much the government can cut you off from a doctor and the only way to get strong pain killers is through a free drug rehab like AODS. I get suboxone through mine. Isn’t as fun as getting a cocktail of fun pills that my last doctor was happy to dish out for me until I was cut off and he was given a warning. But I get a heap of services through them and I’m not risking my life so much. So I guess there’s pros and cons lol
1479,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"To be honest I don't even remember much of my first high, I was so young like 14 or 15. I had bronchitis and the Dr gave me hydrocodone cough syrup. I didn't read the directions and took an entire measuring cup like you would when you take NyQuil or dimetapp. I just remember a warmth come over me while listening to music on my walkman. I do remember distinctly music never sounding so good."
1480,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,Chasing the dragon 🐉
1481,Chasing the dragon 🐉,Damn. Yep
1482,Chasing the dragon 🐉,That actually means smoking i.e off foil
1483,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"First time was shit for me, actually."
1484,"First time was shit for me, actually.",Vomit and nausea?
1485,Vomit and nausea?,"Heartburn then vomit. My first time was right after I broke up with an ex. I was devastated. I had a shitty friend who took advantage of my extremely vulnerable state. He has since made his well to hell via od. I felt just bad heartburn until I walked through my door, hours later, where he approached me and then I just puked all over him. Didn’t even realize that he got the brunt of it til I came back from the bathroom to clean my mess and realized there was none on the floor. 😂"
1486,"Heartburn then vomit. My first time was right after I broke up with an ex. I was devastated. I had a shitty friend who took advantage of my extremely vulnerable state. He has since made his well to hell via od. I felt just bad heartburn until I walked through my door, hours later, where he approached me and then I just puked all over him. Didn’t even realize that he got the brunt of it til I came back from the bathroom to clean my mess and realized there was none on the floor. 😂",Why don't you take responsibility for your independent decision to put the drugs in your body?
1487,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"You can get somewhat close to that original high, but, as I’ve discovered, it takes months of sobriety and your tolerance never really flattens out again.

Another big contributor is the current state of the Heroin supply out there.  When I started out sniffing dope at 13, shit was pure authentic good ol fashioned dog food.  Nowadays, most shit is Fent or a random Fentalogue and those range from “not quite as good of a high” to “what the fuck is this strange sensation”.

I have relapsed a few times in the last few weeks.  Prior to that, I was clean for I think close to 50 something days.  Now, if I get good old fashioned dog food and I blow a bag or two, I’ll get damn close to that first high.  I’m also not sure if that first high was as good as my memory made it out to be, it was my first time feeling that great so, like sex, I may have just built it up in my mind.

Just my two cents, but it comes from 15+ years experience doing just about every Opiate out there (I’ve done OCs, OPs, Roxies, Pandas, Vics, Percs, Tramadol, Heroin, U-47700, Carfentanil, Fentanyl, etc.)."
1488,"You can get somewhat close to that original high, but, as I’ve discovered, it takes months of sobriety and your tolerance never really flattens out again.

Another big contributor is the current state of the Heroin supply out there.  When I started out sniffing dope at 13, shit was pure authentic good ol fashioned dog food.  Nowadays, most shit is Fent or a random Fentalogue and those range from “not quite as good of a high” to “what the fuck is this strange sensation”.

I have relapsed a few times in the last few weeks.  Prior to that, I was clean for I think close to 50 something days.  Now, if I get good old fashioned dog food and I blow a bag or two, I’ll get damn close to that first high.  I’m also not sure if that first high was as good as my memory made it out to be, it was my first time feeling that great so, like sex, I may have just built it up in my mind.

Just my two cents, but it comes from 15+ years experience doing just about every Opiate out there (I’ve done OCs, OPs, Roxies, Pandas, Vics, Percs, Tramadol, Heroin, U-47700, Carfentanil, Fentanyl, etc.).","Also, one quick follow-up, I, like most people, started out snorting dope.  I’d say that when I switched to the needle, that first shot was actually probably better than my first time sniffing.  Switching to the needle, though, is not something I really recommend.  Once you pull up that plunger and register for the first time, a piece of your soul slips out with it."
1489,"Also, one quick follow-up, I, like most people, started out snorting dope.  I’d say that when I switched to the needle, that first shot was actually probably better than my first time sniffing.  Switching to the needle, though, is not something I really recommend.  Once you pull up that plunger and register for the first time, a piece of your soul slips out with it.",Dunno how I’ve managed to not shoot anything. All my mates boonted up meth but I always ate it. Same with opioids. Kinda off topic drug wise. But whenever I did blow with people I sometimes wrapped it up in some tissue or toilet paper and swallowed it with my drink. I love snorting. But I swear you waste some up the nose. From most of my reading on it it seemed swallowing compared to snorting was more bang for your buck. Unless you’re rich. But yeah. Tapping the vein was something I always seemed to abstain from. Probably a good thing since I’m such a drug pig when I get my hands on anything.
1490,Dunno how I’ve managed to not shoot anything. All my mates boonted up meth but I always ate it. Same with opioids. Kinda off topic drug wise. But whenever I did blow with people I sometimes wrapped it up in some tissue or toilet paper and swallowed it with my drink. I love snorting. But I swear you waste some up the nose. From most of my reading on it it seemed swallowing compared to snorting was more bang for your buck. Unless you’re rich. But yeah. Tapping the vein was something I always seemed to abstain from. Probably a good thing since I’m such a drug pig when I get my hands on anything.,"I don’t think taking coke orally, even parachuting as you described, provides the same effect.  I think coke and the family of drugs it resides in is unique in that manner."
1491,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"Took me a few times before i got it,first times i felt nothing and this was with regular users and decent gear. Never puked either.
Im one if those cunts who cleans your flat when everybody else is goofing."
1492,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"If I don't have a tolerance / only a small tolerance, it's always just as good."
1493,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,I don’t agree with this man. Even now after a few years I can still get bell ringers and knee tremblers from time to time 😝 even better than the first because I know (roughly) what I’m doing and how much I can take 🤷‍♂️
1494,I don’t agree with this man. Even now after a few years I can still get bell ringers and knee tremblers from time to time 😝 even better than the first because I know (roughly) what I’m doing and how much I can take 🤷‍♂️,"I’m jealous! Man. Seriously. Pretty much I can say for every drug I’ve done, each one the first time was mind blowing. Maybe it’s also being such a new experience I look back with rose tinted glasses. Maybe also coz no trouble came from those first times. Lol"
1495,"I’m jealous! Man. Seriously. Pretty much I can say for every drug I’ve done, each one the first time was mind blowing. Maybe it’s also being such a new experience I look back with rose tinted glasses. Maybe also coz no trouble came from those first times. Lol","I do understand what you mean to be fair. And that first time will always feel special (even though my memory of it is miles off) but but my strongest/best highs have been lately now that I kind of know what I can use

Saying that though il never get a wicked codeine high again, laying in bed all warm and snuggly and smiling. That’s never going to happen 🤷‍♂️"
1496,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"Probably remembering it as better than it was, since this is strait not facts"
1497,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"I dont really agree. I mostly use tramadol and codeine, but I like to take oxy probably once a week on average. If I go a week or two without any opiates, taking oxy will probably be 90 percent as good as the first time.

For instance, today is the first time in 10
Days in which I have taken any opiates and I took 40 mg of oxy. And right now, I almost can’t imagine the high being any better.

Sorry if my explanation is not that good, but English is not my first language and as I said, I’n currently high af"
1498,"I dont really agree. I mostly use tramadol and codeine, but I like to take oxy probably once a week on average. If I go a week or two without any opiates, taking oxy will probably be 90 percent as good as the first time.

For instance, today is the first time in 10
Days in which I have taken any opiates and I took 40 mg of oxy. And right now, I almost can’t imagine the high being any better.

Sorry if my explanation is not that good, but English is not my first language and as I said, I’n currently high af","All good! I used mostly the same as I could get it from my doctor. The tram and coroner high for me was never as good as the oxy or even endone high. Tramadol high made me , I dunno, more jittery?"
1499,"All good! I used mostly the same as I could get it from my doctor. The tram and coroner high for me was never as good as the oxy or even endone high. Tramadol high made me , I dunno, more jittery?","Yeah, I also get them from my doctor for pain. I agree, the high from tramadol and codeine is far away from
Oxy. I dont really like codeine, as it only give me sedation with no euphoria. Tramadol gives me a lot of euphoria, but I also get jittery, sweaty and etc. So I usually just take them as prescribed. 

But one of my friends actually prefers tramadol over Oxy and morphine"
1500,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,Not true... still loved getting high the thousandth time. Never understood people that said “chasing the first rush only to never achieve it”... I def achieved it and surpassed it many a times... that’s why I stayed getting high!
1501,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,You only get to discover something once.
1502,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"This hasn't been my experience at all.  Every time is like the first time & I've been using (low doses) for 15 years now.  Hydro/oxycodone, codeine, kratom, dihydrocodeine... whatever pills I can get.  They all give me a nice hypomanic energy in low doses that makes me over the moon.  

I think abusing anything will make it less effective.  Basic law of tolerance.  This is why people 'chase the dragon' for years in search of that first high but it's never to be found again.  For me, weed has been the most dramatic in this regard.  No high from ANY substance will ever be as powerful & amazing as my first weed high.  Now it just makes me anxious & paranoid :\"
1503,"This hasn't been my experience at all.  Every time is like the first time & I've been using (low doses) for 15 years now.  Hydro/oxycodone, codeine, kratom, dihydrocodeine... whatever pills I can get.  They all give me a nice hypomanic energy in low doses that makes me over the moon.  

I think abusing anything will make it less effective.  Basic law of tolerance.  This is why people 'chase the dragon' for years in search of that first high but it's never to be found again.  For me, weed has been the most dramatic in this regard.  No high from ANY substance will ever be as powerful & amazing as my first weed high.  Now it just makes me anxious & paranoid :\",Same! Weed tha is. Fuck. First time was incredible. After the vomit.
1504,Same! Weed tha is. Fuck. First time was incredible. After the vomit.,:D
1505,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"This isn't a fact whatsoever. If someone uses the same exact dose say once every 4-12 weeks, and get this, actually follows through on only using once every 4-12 weeks, they can easily use for a decade or more without their tolerance going up all that much. I used to use just 20mg hydrocodone or 15mg oxycodone once every 4 weeks on average of \~8-9 months per year like clockwork for roughly \~6-8 years, before I eventually found access to cheap international darknet opium and ultimately obliterated my tolerance and started using daily/near-daily. It's only once you use near-daily or at least 1-2x per week for months or years, particularly in high doses, that you tend to develop permanent or pseudo-permanent tolerance."
1506,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,Abstain for a year or two then bang a Dilly or two. That will do the trick. It won't be as good as the first time but it will probably be very remarkable.
1507,Abstain for a year or two then bang a Dilly or two. That will do the trick. It won't be as good as the first time but it will probably be very remarkable.,"I remember my first dilly shot. Friend got me 3 8s for 30$ and i usually did 30$ of heroin in a shot so i took all 3.... Dear god, was that a wacky rush lol"
1508,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"If I haven’t shot up/used opiates in 3 months + when I do, at a sufficient dose, I get a high just like the first time... only with IV though"
1509,Why is the first time getting high on opiates so incredible and every other time no where near as good?,"Its all about whether you have opiates in your body or not. If you use daily then there's just always some opiates on your brains receptors but if you wait a week therell be none on your receptors.

Going from 0 to 100 is more noticeable and more intense than going from 50 to 100.  That's why when you are sick you feel it really good but if you already used recently its not as much of a change.  I always felt like the first use after a week or more felt just as good as a first time use"
1510,Methadone & Clonidine ?,"I can't answer for methadone in particular because I don't take it, But clonidine does not really potentiate opiates, it just makes you sleepier and more likely to nod off because it tanks your blood pressure. It's really useful for withdrawals but not really as a potentiator. Maybe somebody will come on here and correct me but no...it would not be worth taking with an opiate and possibly dangerous. And no they would not test for it on a your ua. It's a very commonly prescribed blood pressure medicine"
1511,"I can't answer for methadone in particular because I don't take it, But clonidine does not really potentiate opiates, it just makes you sleepier and more likely to nod off because it tanks your blood pressure. It's really useful for withdrawals but not really as a potentiator. Maybe somebody will come on here and correct me but no...it would not be worth taking with an opiate and possibly dangerous. And no they would not test for it on a your ua. It's a very commonly prescribed blood pressure medicine", Bubble is right!!  🤙🏻
1512,"I can't answer for methadone in particular because I don't take it, But clonidine does not really potentiate opiates, it just makes you sleepier and more likely to nod off because it tanks your blood pressure. It's really useful for withdrawals but not really as a potentiator. Maybe somebody will come on here and correct me but no...it would not be worth taking with an opiate and possibly dangerous. And no they would not test for it on a your ua. It's a very commonly prescribed blood pressure medicine",Thanks for the reply! I was just wondering because I used to live in Baltimore and I’d hear that they’d take Clonidine with their methadone. It was called like the “bmore cocktail” or something.
1513,Methadone & Clonidine ?,Try a Benadryl. It is relatively safe and increases sedation.
1514,Methadone & Clonidine ?,"Take it easy with the clonidine man, it can drop your blood pressure too much if you overdo it.."
1515,"Ever had intestinal issues because of opiate constipation? Fecaliths, Appendicitis etc?","After like 10 abdominal surgeries and cancer my muscles there are weak af. I’m on about 120 mg of oxy Ir a day and if I get an impaction, i literally do not have the strength to get it out. I tried laxatives, teas, prescription meds for opiate constipation and the only thing that works for me is a mineral oil enema. It basically lubes you up so whatever is in there can slide right out."
1516,"Ever had intestinal issues because of opiate constipation? Fecaliths, Appendicitis etc?","Appendicitis is right lower quadrant, not left."
1517,"Appendicitis is right lower quadrant, not left.","Indeed, but Wikipedia says that it starts as unlocalized visceral pain that slowly manifests on the right side. Well, I just got scared and probably don't have anything, no discomfort or pressure today. Every time I have some physical issue, I start reading online and get paranoid, thinking I have cancer and other grave ailments. I have been a bit obsessed with Tetanus lately as I get small cuts frequently (working DIY projects, fixing my bicycle etc.) and then I end up doing some gardening without latex gloves and open ""wounds""...I should just chill a little :P"
1518,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,Its bullshit you are having to go through brother. I have no advice. All I can say is don’t give up. Don’t let them beat you down. Much love.
1519,Its bullshit you are having to go through brother. I have no advice. All I can say is don’t give up. Don’t let them beat you down. Much love.,Thanks but too late for that I ended up relapsing for the first time in 6 years and it's been very costly. About 3k into it unfortunately
1520,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,does the VA give you subs if you admit to being an addict and say you wanna quit? i dont have any health insurance but i got honorably discharged and can go to the VA i think
1521,does the VA give you subs if you admit to being an addict and say you wanna quit? i dont have any health insurance but i got honorably discharged and can go to the VA i think,Yes
1522,Yes,could you message me i have some questions about it
1523,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,Do you sweat a lot?
1524,Do you sweat a lot?,Ehh I dont think so but do walk alot
1525,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,Do you find yourself feeling WD maybe after an hour or 2 after your dose and using the bathroom?
1526,Do you find yourself feeling WD maybe after an hour or 2 after your dose and using the bathroom?,No not noticable anyways
1527,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,Is it possible. The ROA isn't as effective as it should be. ? I know when I took them sublingually. That it didn't have much effect on me as far as heaving withdrawals and ultimately quit taking them.  It was like it wasn't working properly when disolved under my tounge. It would just turn to a gel and never absorb.
1528,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,Are u holding it under your tongue or swallowing it?
1529,Are u holding it under your tongue or swallowing it?,Naw I hold it under my tongue if anything maybe too long if anything?
1530,Maybe someone can help? I have been told by 3 doctors now that I'm not taking the prescribed dose of suboxen? Basically the VA removed me from their program even th0 in 6 years I never failed 1 test? They claimed that even tho I'm being prescribed 12 mg that the levels are so low they are almost not,"You may be a fast metaboliser.
Some people metabolise subs really quickly."
1531,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Thank you. This needed to be said
1532,Thank you. This needed to be said,It really did. Only positivity here please <3
1533,It really did. Only positivity here please <3,"I'll be the one to step out with a dissenting position here....


For many of us, there is nothing positive about 99% of our lives. If we can't share 99% of our lives in a forum that is designed for us, then there is something wrong.

Yes, a lot of drug addicts are liars and thieves. This is the truth. Do we belong in prison? Hell no. But many of us live a pretty miserable existence, and this forum is (was anyway) an outlet for many of us to be open and honest without having the need to hide who we are like we do in every other aspect of our lives. A forum for junkies comes with the good and the bad. And honestly, there is a lot of bad.


That said, I agree with the general sentiment of the OP. Harassing other people is unacceptable. But saying, ""only positivity here"" undermines the very nature of this sub."
1534,"I'll be the one to step out with a dissenting position here....


For many of us, there is nothing positive about 99% of our lives. If we can't share 99% of our lives in a forum that is designed for us, then there is something wrong.

Yes, a lot of drug addicts are liars and thieves. This is the truth. Do we belong in prison? Hell no. But many of us live a pretty miserable existence, and this forum is (was anyway) an outlet for many of us to be open and honest without having the need to hide who we are like we do in every other aspect of our lives. A forum for junkies comes with the good and the bad. And honestly, there is a lot of bad.


That said, I agree with the general sentiment of the OP. Harassing other people is unacceptable. But saying, ""only positivity here"" undermines the very nature of this sub.","Yeah I agree with what you’re saying! Not that we can’t talk about negative stuff, but we should always be nice to each other

Edit: I’m a dumb bitch who can’t spell"
1535,It really did. Only positivity here please <3,Fuck that
1536,Fuck that,Fuck you
1537,Fuck you,"Way to stay positive, dummy"
1538,"Way to stay positive, dummy",He didn't actually agree to the positivity thing my man he was just telling you where to go and I think most of us would agree! :)
1539,He didn't actually agree to the positivity thing my man he was just telling you where to go and I think most of us would agree! :),Hypocrites
1540,Hypocrites,"“Waah you downvoted me because I encouraged being a dick when everyone else is saying it’s not okay to be an asshole so you’re a hypocrite waah” 

Also this feels like a fucking paradox lmao"
1541,"“Waah you downvoted me because I encouraged being a dick when everyone else is saying it’s not okay to be an asshole so you’re a hypocrite waah” 

Also this feels like a fucking paradox lmao","Everybody else is just looking for an excuse to be an asshole too. But that's the thing, they (you) want an excuse for their (your) behavior. I'm just the only one who has the balls enough to fucking do what I want. *Shrug*"
1542,"Everybody else is just looking for an excuse to be an asshole too. But that's the thing, they (you) want an excuse for their (your) behavior. I'm just the only one who has the balls enough to fucking do what I want. *Shrug*","No they aren’t. You dont have balls because you’re vocal about being toxic. You can’t win a war without fighting back you feel me? 

Americans wouldn’t exist if they just simply told the British “no tax please leave us alone please”. They had to pull up when the Brits came at em, like you came at that dude."
1543,"No they aren’t. You dont have balls because you’re vocal about being toxic. You can’t win a war without fighting back you feel me? 

Americans wouldn’t exist if they just simply told the British “no tax please leave us alone please”. They had to pull up when the Brits came at em, like you came at that dude.",Ok
1544,Ok,Sassy
1545,Hypocrites,"No you see my statement explains how he *isn't* a hipocrite... Do you know what the word means? We can help you out and things man?

In my own personal opinion people are definitely growing tired of the nasty stuff and the ""bullying"" I guess. I hate seeing this shit were someone made a positive remark and obviously has good intentions and wants to be nice in some way and someone like you steps on him for it. That's pretty much the only time I'll comment negatively. The other day someone stated that ""We all believed in OP to get through his withdrawl"" and some wee dick commented that he didn't cause he didn't know him and again that is the kind of annoying shit people don't wanna see anymore. Like just don't comment. Just leave it. So many people in the sub are vulnerable in lots of different ways and it's pathetic to kick em while they are down. If you wanna be that kind of wank stain on reddit don't do it in drug related, anxiety, pain, or depression subs! It really makes you a whole new type of low. So kindly yes my man in this instance do please go away?"
1546,"No you see my statement explains how he *isn't* a hipocrite... Do you know what the word means? We can help you out and things man?

In my own personal opinion people are definitely growing tired of the nasty stuff and the ""bullying"" I guess. I hate seeing this shit were someone made a positive remark and obviously has good intentions and wants to be nice in some way and someone like you steps on him for it. That's pretty much the only time I'll comment negatively. The other day someone stated that ""We all believed in OP to get through his withdrawl"" and some wee dick commented that he didn't cause he didn't know him and again that is the kind of annoying shit people don't wanna see anymore. Like just don't comment. Just leave it. So many people in the sub are vulnerable in lots of different ways and it's pathetic to kick em while they are down. If you wanna be that kind of wank stain on reddit don't do it in drug related, anxiety, pain, or depression subs! It really makes you a whole new type of low. So kindly yes my man in this instance do please go away?",You are a hypocrite. Fuck off with that. Quit bullying.
1547,You are a hypocrite. Fuck off with that. Quit bullying.,"Lol aye mate.. Your just digging that hole deeper and deeper arnt you? As I said man... Take your shit to a sub not filled with vulnerable people, like OP said this is a place for support and kindness - everyone is over your pish.

Edit: Please for the love of God learn what that word means, its really annoying watching you try and make yourself look like your not an ass in this situation.

Have a good day!"
1548,"Lol aye mate.. Your just digging that hole deeper and deeper arnt you? As I said man... Take your shit to a sub not filled with vulnerable people, like OP said this is a place for support and kindness - everyone is over your pish.

Edit: Please for the love of God learn what that word means, its really annoying watching you try and make yourself look like your not an ass in this situation.

Have a good day!","Quit trying to get in my deep hole.  Your posts are as negative as mine. Get some self awareness. Take your shit to a site where babies play. This is a place for support, kindness, and fucking with wankers like you. Everyone is over your poopy-mouth."
1549,"Quit trying to get in my deep hole.  Your posts are as negative as mine. Get some self awareness. Take your shit to a site where babies play. This is a place for support, kindness, and fucking with wankers like you. Everyone is over your poopy-mouth.","Lol Aha..... I dont prey on people man, I don't comment for the sake of being a cunt, I don't try and shoot people down. The rest of your comment is just a pile of rambling shite.. ""poppy-mouth"" hahahaha! What is actually wrong with you...? Tool."
1550,"Lol Aha..... I dont prey on people man, I don't comment for the sake of being a cunt, I don't try and shoot people down. The rest of your comment is just a pile of rambling shite.. ""poppy-mouth"" hahahaha! What is actually wrong with you...? Tool.",Really?
1551,Really?,Intelligent response! You got me big man.
1552,Intelligent response! You got me big man.,">I don't comment for the sake of being a cunt, I don't shoot other people down

>Intelligent response! You got me big man. 

Really?

That better? 

I just said ""really"" the first time because I figured I didn't have to say much more since you already completely contradicted yourself. You're an idiot."
1553,">I don't comment for the sake of being a cunt, I don't shoot other people down

>Intelligent response! You got me big man. 

Really?

That better? 

I just said ""really"" the first time because I figured I didn't have to say much more since you already completely contradicted yourself. You're an idiot.","Haha again your under this illusion that your somehow taking some sort of high road... Your first comment is what im talking about. I dont give to shits about the rest of your dribble rambling. Im responding to your comment going against a man saying the sub should be kind to eachother by saying ""fuck that"" cause you think your hard as fuck. Just stop you wee cretin lol

Edit: does the - 30 not tell you anything or are you just that fucking oblivious."
1554,"Haha again your under this illusion that your somehow taking some sort of high road... Your first comment is what im talking about. I dont give to shits about the rest of your dribble rambling. Im responding to your comment going against a man saying the sub should be kind to eachother by saying ""fuck that"" cause you think your hard as fuck. Just stop you wee cretin lol

Edit: does the - 30 not tell you anything or are you just that fucking oblivious.","I'll tell you one thing: I'm definitely taking the grammatical highroad over your illiterate ass. 

I don't know why you're saying you don't give a shit about the rest of my writing. It's just calling *you* out for what *you are* saying, the fact that **you're a bloody hypocrite** has nothing to do with my writing. Fuck off, dummy.  

And no I'm not saying that because I think I'm ""hard as fuck"", though I'm definitely more of a man than you, but that has nothing to do with how hard I am. Unlike you I only get hard from women."
1555,"I'll tell you one thing: I'm definitely taking the grammatical highroad over your illiterate ass. 

I don't know why you're saying you don't give a shit about the rest of my writing. It's just calling *you* out for what *you are* saying, the fact that **you're a bloody hypocrite** has nothing to do with my writing. Fuck off, dummy.  

And no I'm not saying that because I think I'm ""hard as fuck"", though I'm definitely more of a man than you, but that has nothing to do with how hard I am. Unlike you I only get hard from women.","Lol this comment litteraly proves everything being said about you. Every down vote . Going at the grammer! Haha you are pathetic my man... ""I'm more of a man that you"" sais the wank on the Internet... Alright you wee toe rag continue being a wee prick it's what your best at.

Edit: out of interest you from the U.K or the states? We call you folk chavs/Neds over here."
1556,"Lol this comment litteraly proves everything being said about you. Every down vote . Going at the grammer! Haha you are pathetic my man... ""I'm more of a man that you"" sais the wank on the Internet... Alright you wee toe rag continue being a wee prick it's what your best at.

Edit: out of interest you from the U.K or the states? We call you folk chavs/Neds over here.","I strongly advise you to stop caring so much what other people think. Look where it gets you. You seem to have had some sort of strange mental derangement occur. We call what you're doing ""talking out one's ass"" where I'm from. Good luck to you with that."
1557,"I strongly advise you to stop caring so much what other people think. Look where it gets you. You seem to have had some sort of strange mental derangement occur. We call what you're doing ""talking out one's ass"" where I'm from. Good luck to you with that.",Again doesn't really make much sense... Have a good night you strange angry wee man.
1558,Again doesn't really make much sense... Have a good night you strange angry wee man.,"Yeah I know it doesn't make much sense to you, that's what I was trying to point out. Your brain seems to have malfunctioned a bit. You are getting things twisted. And now you're trying to run away?"
1559,"Yeah I know it doesn't make much sense to you, that's what I was trying to point out. Your brain seems to have malfunctioned a bit. You are getting things twisted. And now you're trying to run away?",Lol You just can't stop can you... Again have a good one you absolute fucking rocket hahaha
1560,Lol You just can't stop can you... Again have a good one you absolute fucking rocket hahaha,"I can't stop? Says the guy who literally said he was done and then is back again in a few seconds? why is it that everything that you say about me applies to you, is that some kind of weird troll that you are doing? Cuz you kind of suck at it. you see when you troll someone you want to annoy the other person like the way that I've been pushing your buttons, but all you've been doing is making me laugh at you and making yourself seem more and more pitiful. Weird stuff. That's why I say I'm pretty sure something's wrong with your brain."
1561,Lol You just can't stop can you... Again have a good one you absolute fucking rocket hahaha,You really need to try and stop worrying so much about what other people think about you. Just saying.
1562,Thank you. This needed to be said,Yes. It did.
1563,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"i hella agree with you. it seems like the whole reddit has it out against me..every sub of interest i have,  they look thru my posts judging me and talk down on me bcuz i like oxy.. thats why i have this bio up. haters gonna hate"
1564,"i hella agree with you. it seems like the whole reddit has it out against me..every sub of interest i have,  they look thru my posts judging me and talk down on me bcuz i like oxy.. thats why i have this bio up. haters gonna hate",Dude I get ripped on cause I post harm reduction in the DXM subreddit. I ignore people who go through post history. They can't find anything wrong with your post so they have to dig. One dude went back like 6 months once for me.
1565,Dude I get ripped on cause I post harm reduction in the DXM subreddit. I ignore people who go through post history. They can't find anything wrong with your post so they have to dig. One dude went back like 6 months once for me.,There is just always going to be trolls in life especially online because people get off on being Dicks and not facing any real consequences.
1566,Dude I get ripped on cause I post harm reduction in the DXM subreddit. I ignore people who go through post history. They can't find anything wrong with your post so they have to dig. One dude went back like 6 months once for me.,"'six months' doesn't necessarily mean that they went all the way back for six months

they may have used the 'controversial' tag when searching (which most muck rakers seem to prefer) and got a six month old post from the start"
1567,"i hella agree with you. it seems like the whole reddit has it out against me..every sub of interest i have,  they look thru my posts judging me and talk down on me bcuz i like oxy.. thats why i have this bio up. haters gonna hate","As an outsider, browsing this sub to get more familiar with opiate addiction, I can assure you that the flack you're getting comes from you playing the victim and never taking responsibility."
1568,"i hella agree with you. it seems like the whole reddit has it out against me..every sub of interest i have,  they look thru my posts judging me and talk down on me bcuz i like oxy.. thats why i have this bio up. haters gonna hate",">It seems like the whole reddit has it out against me

My eyes couldn't roll more"
1569,">It seems like the whole reddit has it out against me

My eyes couldn't roll more",Not even with fent
1570,">It seems like the whole reddit has it out against me

My eyes couldn't roll more","You weren't asked. You just had to eh?
They did say ""reddit is out to get"" them, but that it *seems* that way.

Are you any better?"
1571,"You weren't asked. You just had to eh?
They did say ""reddit is out to get"" them, but that it *seems* that way.

Are you any better?",I thought my eyes couldn't roll more. I was wrong.
1572,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here."
1573,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here.","I always called it a dopetude, usually happened when I was actually high(which in later years didnt happen very often, just got well). My dopetude usually coincided with the  intense facial itches. 

I believe another reason there is so much negativity and down-voting is because its very hard to decipher tone through text. So many times people have taken me wrong or I take them wrong, all because of the way we perceive the text. Ive been trying to add in kinder words or let people know I mean no ill-will when replying."
1574,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here.",Im not sure about what each person feels when they are high drunk sober etc..my personal experience is opposite of the majority here states for themselves but activly using in my own case doesn't make me act like an asshole or a bully...In my opinion theres no excuse for being an asshole other than just simply choosing to be an asshole...and ive noticed in the last 8 to 10 years the majority of humans in certain parts of every town at least in Georgia anyhow..not sure whats gotten into folks but its made up my mind to just being happy with isolating myself from all the assholes and bullies although its kinda tuff to avoid them each and every time i go out in public shopping recreation going out to eat etc but all i can do is try to ignore them.
1575,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here.","Yeah opioids always make me pissy as hell, especially opiates like heroin and morphine for some reason. It doesn't happen so much these days, at least not towards people, but when I was younger it was definitely a thing. Now i mostly just get more easily frustrated at things that don't work when I'm on kratom lol."
1576,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here.","Well said. I really hate those petty anger flares. Unfortunately, when I get mad at a Walmart person during my opi-rage I continue to be mad for upwards of an hour on and off. Then again I’m not the forgiving type (Except with my wife and dogs lol) oh well."
1577,"Well, it does seem kind of obvious. The term me and my ex used to use is a little on the nose, but we just called it ""opiate irritation""

&#x200B;

Surely other people have noticed that, right? After using for a while, and when you're particularly high, we found we'd often get into a state where we're easily set off, getting into pointless fights with anybody and everybody, but then shaking it off and being cool about it just as spontaneously.

&#x200B;

I dunno, maybe this is just the way we rationalized all our fighting, but it definitely seemed like constant opioid use can make you a little petty, short-tempered and pissy at times. And I don't mean like in WDs or anything, I'm talking fresh off a shot. So it doesn't surprise me that people would get into little spats on this sub, seeing as I bet many of us browse while high.

&#x200B;

I don't really know what you're referring to and what the current drama is about, but that's the first thing I thought when I see a post wondering why people can be shitty with each other here.",Yeah call it opiate rage
1578,Yeah call it opiate rage,"Yea I'm fairly certain that's what this subreddit calls it. That and OpiRage - which is the exact same thing as ""Opiate Irritation,"" and ""dopatude."""
1579,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"It breaks my heart hearing messages like this especially from a long time, informative person like you. I can’t tell for why some people chose to leave the stick up their ass, but I can tell you that I think you are wonderful and are a great contributor here! I get downvoted a lot here recently too...I think it’s honestly younger new user who asks questions they think should be answered the way they wan them to and when that doesn’t happen they get their panties in a bunch and then never let it go....this sub used to be a safe place and it i no longer feeling that way of late. Hence me no longer using my old account and normally erasing all my old posts...dont let them get you down dori! I’ve always thought  you were an absolute delight!!!!!"
1580,"It breaks my heart hearing messages like this especially from a long time, informative person like you. I can’t tell for why some people chose to leave the stick up their ass, but I can tell you that I think you are wonderful and are a great contributor here! I get downvoted a lot here recently too...I think it’s honestly younger new user who asks questions they think should be answered the way they wan them to and when that doesn’t happen they get their panties in a bunch and then never let it go....this sub used to be a safe place and it i no longer feeling that way of late. Hence me no longer using my old account and normally erasing all my old posts...dont let them get you down dori! I’ve always thought  you were an absolute delight!!!!!",Thank you for the compliment. It means a lot.
1581,Thank you for the compliment. It means a lot.,"Holy shit dori!!!! You were not kidding (not that I thought you were) about getting downvoted for absolutely no good reason whatsoever! My jaw literally dropped at some of the comments that had gotten downvoted. Someone either has a huge vendetta against you that they cannot get over for some petty shit or just doesn’t have a life and didn’t like what you said one time. I’m not sure if the MOD team has any ability of seeing who down votes us, but if they do this warrants an investigation. The whole voting karma thing is all about up voting a comment you think adds to the conversation or downvoting a comment that takes away from the conversation or is irrelevant. Going through your comment history truly upset me and made me sad. I really wish and hope something can be done about it. Also, I decided to take it upon myself and upvoated all of those comments that were zeros or in the negative because fuck whoever is doing this to you! I really hope you don’t let it get you down, though I’m sure it’s hard for it not to. But it would be a truly big loss if you decided to stop participating here all because some immature asshole has a stick so far up their ass they’ve lost any sanity completely. I’m always around to chat if you ever want to DM me and I will always be on your side so let’s go change the sub together! 💖😜"
1582,"Holy shit dori!!!! You were not kidding (not that I thought you were) about getting downvoted for absolutely no good reason whatsoever! My jaw literally dropped at some of the comments that had gotten downvoted. Someone either has a huge vendetta against you that they cannot get over for some petty shit or just doesn’t have a life and didn’t like what you said one time. I’m not sure if the MOD team has any ability of seeing who down votes us, but if they do this warrants an investigation. The whole voting karma thing is all about up voting a comment you think adds to the conversation or downvoting a comment that takes away from the conversation or is irrelevant. Going through your comment history truly upset me and made me sad. I really wish and hope something can be done about it. Also, I decided to take it upon myself and upvoated all of those comments that were zeros or in the negative because fuck whoever is doing this to you! I really hope you don’t let it get you down, though I’m sure it’s hard for it not to. But it would be a truly big loss if you decided to stop participating here all because some immature asshole has a stick so far up their ass they’ve lost any sanity completely. I’m always around to chat if you ever want to DM me and I will always be on your side so let’s go change the sub together! 💖😜","Yep. It's above & beyond the whole, ""downvotes aren't mean,"" statement. It's severe harassment. It's been going on for over two years. I'm very over it. 

&#x200B;

>The whole voting karma thing is all about up voting a comment you think adds to the conversation or downvoting a comment that takes away from the conversation or is irrelevant. Going through your comment history truly upset me and made me sad. I really wish and hope something can be done about it. 

The MOD team can't see who is doing it, but the admin team can. I have communicated with the admin team about it in the past but there isn't much they can do and this has been an issue for a long, long, long time. You are right. Someone is very petty and has some unreasonable vendetta against me. That's all I can imagine in regards to it.

>Also, I decided to take it upon myself and upvoated all of those comments that were zeros or in the negative because fuck whoever is doing this to you!

Can I just say WOW?! You did an amazing job, I scrolled through my profile and it looks like you basically fixed it. How long did you spend doing that!? I appreciate it so much. 

>I really hope you don’t let it get you down, though I’m sure it’s hard for it not to. But it would be a truly big loss if you decided to stop participating here all because some immature asshole has a stick so far up their ass they’ve lost any sanity completely. 

I typically don't let it get me down and still participate a lot here. It can be upsetting though when I have something important to say and it gets buried. I also think there's a ""voting mentality"" where if people see a few downvotes they jump on the bandwagon and contribute to it by downvoting, and if people see a few upvotes they contribute to it by upvoting...

I don't know, but it is what it is, if anything can be learned from it, you get farther in life when you're respectful of others. I'm a huge believer in Karma. I've been through a lot. Some of it has been self-inflicted and I take responsibility for that. However, it seems I've got a lot of good karma headed my way. I'm engaged, I have my 'dream' job, I'm coming up on 1 year clean, my finances are under control  & I am living my best life!"
1583,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Its part of the game. I learned his a long time ago when i joined. I swear people scroll through looking to argue. When and if i post, i keep it short. If not EVERY SINGLE WORD, will be picked apart. 

I also choose not to respond to a lot of it. Just let it roll off my back. Its part of the community here, so i have to grow thicker skin if i choose to post."
1584,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Yeah i dont really even comment on here anymore cause people are dicks. It seems like people are nicer on the cocaine sub which is funny because ive always thought of most coke users as asshol3.
1585,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Very well said. I don't know why some people feel the need to be mean and nasty.
1586,Very well said. I don't know why some people feel the need to be mean and nasty.,Personally i believe a lot of them actually get off on it..it makes their day when they ruin someone else's
1587,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Getting downvoted is *not* being bullied and it's not ""mean"", it's part of Reddit. Which you might be a little bit too sensitive for."
1588,"Getting downvoted is *not* being bullied and it's not ""mean"", it's part of Reddit. Which you might be a little bit too sensitive for.","Just to clear up what I was saying about downvotes:

I agree. Getting a downvote isn't mean. It's normal!

However: 

>What has been happening to me is no matter what I say there are a few trolls up and ready to downvote me from the getgo. I may sound crazy, it's been going on for years. Meaning my comments, even if they contribute to the conversation in a positive way, get buried. It's been bad enough where other users go, ""who the fuck downvoted you!? or Why was this downvoted?"" So, it's a bit more than a simple downvote."
1589,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Well said my friend!
I'm sure I've been responsible in the past for questionable behavior, as have lots of us. I'll hold up my hand and say ""I'll do better"".

Alot of us have to fight every day for treatment of some kind, acceptance from certain people, the 'medicine' we require, etc... Maybe we sometimes bring that in here.....

Mostly I've had incredible support on here from wonderful people. I agree with you, it should be a safe place where we can get the support that is sorely lacking in so many other places.

You have my up vote and respect."
1590,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. You're cool. Fuck you. Im out!

There is no humanity behind this account. Just unbridled insanity.


And boofs

I havent been bullied or attacked here on awhile. Even on other subs. Because i bully and make fun of myself for being a junkie openly in a joking way.


Self deprecating humor about your addiction seems to prevent assholes from attacking you. For the modt part. Idk dont listen to me

Edit: why do you care if someone downvotes you? I dont understand why ppl get up in arms about it. Its just internet points. Of course someone will always downvote you, any sub, someone isnt gonna like you. Dont matter what you do"
1591,"Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. You're cool. Fuck you. Im out!

There is no humanity behind this account. Just unbridled insanity.


And boofs

I havent been bullied or attacked here on awhile. Even on other subs. Because i bully and make fun of myself for being a junkie openly in a joking way.


Self deprecating humor about your addiction seems to prevent assholes from attacking you. For the modt part. Idk dont listen to me

Edit: why do you care if someone downvotes you? I dont understand why ppl get up in arms about it. Its just internet points. Of course someone will always downvote you, any sub, someone isnt gonna like you. Dont matter what you do","Just to clear up what I was saying about downvotes:

I agree. Getting a downvote isn't mean. It's normal!

However: 

>What has been happening to me is no matter what I say there are a few trolls up and ready to downvote me from the getgo. I may sound crazy, it's been going on for years. Meaning my comments, even if they contribute to the conversation in a positive way, get buried. It's been bad enough where other users go, ""who the fuck downvoted you!? or Why was this downvoted?"" So, it's a bit more than a simple downvote."
1592,"Just to clear up what I was saying about downvotes:

I agree. Getting a downvote isn't mean. It's normal!

However: 

>What has been happening to me is no matter what I say there are a few trolls up and ready to downvote me from the getgo. I may sound crazy, it's been going on for years. Meaning my comments, even if they contribute to the conversation in a positive way, get buried. It's been bad enough where other users go, ""who the fuck downvoted you!? or Why was this downvoted?"" So, it's a bit more than a simple downvote.","ahh I see what you mean now! 

I was misreading what you said. Yeah quite a few of my comments in the past, especially on r/drugs because I talk about safe/HR methods for shooting up heroin. they don't like that. I get downvoted to hell and no one reads my advice.

Here my advice has weight."
1593,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,I agree with you for sure but sometimes stereotypes are real.
1594,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Yeah this definitely should be a place where we should all be able to come and lean on each other and Connor in each other because we know we go through more Downs than up.
1595,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"I think a lot of people internalize the stigma that is placed on them by non-addicts and in turn demonize fellow addicts. When people are treated like the bottom of the barrel, sometimes they react by wanting to feel like there’s someone beneath them too. (Could be in part a control issue here). I’m not excusing this behavior or condoning it by any means, simply trying to examine where the hate is coming from. I also think it’s entirely displaced anger since we cannot always get mad at those who put us down or fight back against the loved ones who think little of us so we come onto Reddit and unload here. You also make a good point about how often times anonymity makes it easier for us to be much more hateful when you do not have to suffer any consequences for your actions since no one knows your name and you don’t risk losing  any kind of reputation. There is also the fact that drug addiction itself is tiring and hardening. I have experienced people’s wrath simply bc they were WDing and obviously bitter about it and needed a proverbial punching bag. 

That said, I do believe that as junkies/opiate users, we should strive to be nicer to one another as this life is difficult enough without us dragging each other down. 🖤❤️🖤"
1596,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Withdrawal could be a factor here as well. People are known to have mood swings during withdrawal, I even got cross with a guy on my old account once when I was sick. I'm clean now and I do agree this sub needs more positivity."
1597,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Thankfully, everyone I’ve talked to on here has been pretty friendly...the people here are awesome in my experience experience."
1598,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Every time I see someone making fun of someone going through w/d or just saying some shit about it like “chill and go pop a bar you’re obviously being a bitch cause the withdrawals” I genuinely want to reach through my screen and fucking strangle them. 

Not really though, it’s just a really big dick move imo, like one of the biggest dick moves you can pull in these sorta subreddits."
1599,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"I read an article awhile back, it was in a dug users magazine, it was about how we all needed to stick together rather than fighting amongst ourselves. At this point I didn’t think I was guilty of it. ...then I read how we’re all drug users, it doesn’t matter what the drug is. Before then I really against ice. I thought it was revolting, but I didn’t realise I thought I was better than them.  Since then I have made an effort to help people using ice as much as I help other opiate/benzo addicts."
1600,"I read an article awhile back, it was in a dug users magazine, it was about how we all needed to stick together rather than fighting amongst ourselves. At this point I didn’t think I was guilty of it. ...then I read how we’re all drug users, it doesn’t matter what the drug is. Before then I really against ice. I thought it was revolting, but I didn’t realise I thought I was better than them.  Since then I have made an effort to help people using ice as much as I help other opiate/benzo addicts.",I 100% agree with this. We ALL need to stick together. No matter what the substance is. We're all in the same boat more or less.
1601,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Jesus Christ talk about victim mentality. Maybe people on this sub and mean and emotionally unstable because it’s the internet and 99% of people on this sub are addicted to narcotics.  This sub is becoming pathetic
1602,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"If only there were humans behind every username on reddit.
Other than that, I'm with you 100%.
I was also on the receiving end of some nasty replies here a few times, but if I'm being honest, I probably indulged in the same behavior.
We all need to work every day to be better than we were yesterday. Towards each other, towards nature, etc.
OP I think I learned something today.
I might not choose to try to OD today.
Thanks!"
1603,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,I feel like all of Reddit is in this current state of ego vs ego etc. it's sad to see and I get looked down upon for even mentioning Reddit to my normie friends
1604,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Same here. Everything I say, someone has to come along and be nasty to me for no reason."
1605,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"It can be done as well.  I left here for the most part and call /r/stims home now.  I very rarely see any kind of bullying or pretentiousness like I see on /r/drugs and here (and most fucking subreddits, honestly)"
1606,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,THANK YOU.
1607,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Yeah I’ll upvote that. Too true mate
1608,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"I've been here for six years, actually made an account just for that old  'other sub' that isn't around any more.

People are very, VERY rarely mean to me. When they are, it's usually clearly an asshole fuqboi type who can barely speak. Doesn't bother me

Experiences for sure vary, but it's hard for me to tell how bad it's really been for ya if you consider a downvote being mean"
1609,"I've been here for six years, actually made an account just for that old  'other sub' that isn't around any more.

People are very, VERY rarely mean to me. When they are, it's usually clearly an asshole fuqboi type who can barely speak. Doesn't bother me

Experiences for sure vary, but it's hard for me to tell how bad it's really been for ya if you consider a downvote being mean","Just to clear up what I was saying about downvotes:

I agree. Getting a downvote isn't mean. It's normal!

However: 

>What has been happening to me is no matter what I say there are a few trolls up and ready to downvote me from the getgo. I may sound crazy, it's been going on for years. Meaning my comments, even if they contribute to the conversation in a positive way, get buried. It's been bad enough where other users go, ""who the fuck downvoted you!? or Why was this downvoted?"" So, it's a bit more than a simple downvote."
1610,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Or some people need to grow tf up
1611,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"I've been lurking here for years and I see it often. It's disheartening. Between all the shit we go through between staving off withdrawal, dealing with dboys and plugs who play games, stressing coming up with capital for drugs or food or rent, one would figure collectively this community would be more positive. But due to the volume of people who post here and the fact that individually everyone's going through their own shit it's inevitable that people have bad days and lash out. Gotta take the good with the bad and honestly the good this sub does outweighs the bad."
1612,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Ok what happened to her
1613,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Because heroin illegal therefore extremely expensive leading  to theft then hate
1614,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Couldn’t agree more.  How have you been?
1615,Couldn’t agree more.  How have you been?,"I've been good! I'm employed, engaged, & living on my own. Oh & I'm 5 days shy of being clean for a year."
1616,"I've been good! I'm employed, engaged, & living on my own. Oh & I'm 5 days shy of being clean for a year.",Wow I’m so proud of you!!! Congratulations on all the good things in your life!!!
1617,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"simple answer: opioids make one rude and nasty.  ever heard of the term ""opioid rage""  I'm not talking about withdrawal either.  During the high of the drug it makes people nasty.  I didn't realize it until i got off them.  I though i was just naturally an asshole and had bad luck, but most of it was the opioids.

when i take them now (not dependent), i get nasty while high on them.  I feel great, but i treat others like trash."
1618,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Every time I see someone making fun of someone going through w/d or just saying some shit about it like “chill and go pop a bar you’re obviously being a bitch cause the withdrawals” I genuinely want to reach through my screen and fucking strangle them. 

Not really though, it’s just a really big dick move imo, like one of the biggest dick moves you can pull in these sorta subreddits."
1619,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Misery loves company baby
1620,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,[deleted]
1621,[deleted],"Eh, I don't think we need to go that far. I think rules **#5** & **#7** cover that sort of thing already:

**Rule #5:**

>There is to be no trolling, bullying, hate speech, or personal attacks. Any hateful speech that is directed at a person will be removed.

**Rule #7:**

>Any post or comment that creates, or perpetuates, drama will be removed AND A BAN WILL BE ISSUED."
1622,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Fuck spinderella in her cunt hole twat scum bitch fuck
1623,Fuck spinderella in her cunt hole twat scum bitch fuck,🤦‍♀️ ... Tell us how you *really* feel. Geesh. You're entitled to not like someone but namecalling doesn't get you anywhere. You can criticize someone without resorting to tearing them to pieces with hateful messages.
1624,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"When your friends, neighbor do fraud with you, fraud with your money, which you have earned day by day, then, what behavior do you want from me as an unknown? you should thank to god, because i have been only rude since then, not been a fraud. Everyone has his/her own story. being nicer is appreciated, but being rude, that is how, someone live. Otherwise, there is a lot of human, who wants to kick human ass.  :)"
1625,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Shuttup you junkie scum no-one cares!!
1626,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,"Yes, er...human. Because I do...human things."
1627,Can someone explain to me why are rude and nasty to each other!?,Someone needs to change their tampon 😉
1628,When d-boy gives u a bundle in one bag ??,I only lived on the east coast for a few months but when I'd weigh out a stamp is was generally between a .08-.15 so I think it just kind of depends. Tbh I think the whole stamp bag thing is stupid I'd rather just get it all in one bag.
1629,When d-boy gives u a bundle in one bag ??,Where I'm at buns ate 25. So a bun mite be quarter gram but like everything in the north east its straight fent. 10 years ago a 50$ bun was atleast 400mg
1630,Heroin with no legs?,"Here are the fents that DS strips recognize


Fentanyl • Butyryl-fentanyl • Tetrahydrofuran fentanyl• Acrylfentanyl • Cyclopropylfentanyl• Acetylfentanyl • 3-Methylfentanyl • Carfentanil • Sufentanil • β-OH-thiofentanyl • Furanylfentanyl • p-Flourofentanyl • Flouroisobutyryfentanyl"
1631,Heroin with no legs?,"Theres like 30 common fent analogues and probably manymany more uncommon or notfound yet analogues.  Those test strips only test for like 10 kinds of fent, so it could be a kind that doesnt show or it could be some other research chemical opioid thats not a fent analogue."
1632,Heroin with no legs?,"Heroin with no legs sounds like a fentalougue but im no expert

Deferent fentalouges have different properties and durations, sometimes euphoric, sometimes just a straight nod, etc"
1633,"Heroin with no legs sounds like a fentalougue but im no expert

Deferent fentalouges have different properties and durations, sometimes euphoric, sometimes just a straight nod, etc",Word it smells and tastes like tar but tastes slightly chemically too and has some white specs in it so I'm assuming its just cut with a fentalog of some sort.
1634,"Heroin with no legs sounds like a fentalougue but im no expert

Deferent fentalouges have different properties and durations, sometimes euphoric, sometimes just a straight nod, etc",“Legs” is referring to how long it lasts right? I’ve always wondered...like if it has long legs it lasts a while so you don’t have to keep using as often and short legs is like you completely don’t feel it after a little while?
1635,“Legs” is referring to how long it lasts right? I’ve always wondered...like if it has long legs it lasts a while so you don’t have to keep using as often and short legs is like you completely don’t feel it after a little while?,"Simply put yes, i dont wanna go into details and be incorrect lol"
1636,“Legs” is referring to how long it lasts right? I’ve always wondered...like if it has long legs it lasts a while so you don’t have to keep using as often and short legs is like you completely don’t feel it after a little while?,Yea legs just mean that it last a good while. If it doesn't have legs you'll need to re-dose yourself much sooner.
1637,Heroin with no legs?,"Yeah just take it really low and slow man and i think youll be alright

Like realyyy low and slow , not worth your life"
1638,"Yeah just take it really low and slow man and i think youll be alright

Like realyyy low and slow , not worth your life",Yeah a small bump got me pretty good. I turned it into a powder by mixing with baking powder. It's super euphoric one bump got me feeling nice and fuzzy.
1639,Yeah a small bump got me pretty good. I turned it into a powder by mixing with baking powder. It's super euphoric one bump got me feeling nice and fuzzy.,"Sounds like some H, but no legs is strange,, but as long as your feeling fuzzy and warm enjoy man 👌🏼"
1640,Heroin with no legs?,"I’m starting to think that the H I get off the onion fields has fent in it. The guy told me that his stuff doesn’t have it as he has customers that are allergic to it so he goes to great lengths to ensure it is clean. It’s an Afghan #4, tan in color, and has a vinegar smell. When I sniff I gets me blasted for about 10 minutes then a nice high for about an hour and then nothing. I’m having to dose every hour. Does that sound like good clean heroin to you guys? The bumps I take are probably 0.06 to 0.08g."
1641,"I’m starting to think that the H I get off the onion fields has fent in it. The guy told me that his stuff doesn’t have it as he has customers that are allergic to it so he goes to great lengths to ensure it is clean. It’s an Afghan #4, tan in color, and has a vinegar smell. When I sniff I gets me blasted for about 10 minutes then a nice high for about an hour and then nothing. I’m having to dose every hour. Does that sound like good clean heroin to you guys? The bumps I take are probably 0.06 to 0.08g.",Sounds like you need to invest in test strips.
1642,Sounds like you need to invest in test strips.,"Absolutely I do. The one thing though I think is that he probably has strips as well and it’s showing no fent. I thought I read here somewhere though that the strips can’t detect all the different analogs, is that correct? Is there better ways to test for fent other than the strips that anyone can acquire?"
1643,"Absolutely I do. The one thing though I think is that he probably has strips as well and it’s showing no fent. I thought I read here somewhere though that the strips can’t detect all the different analogs, is that correct? Is there better ways to test for fent other than the strips that anyone can acquire?","Well, dance safe strips test for fentanyl and quite a few analogues. But yes, it is absolutely correct that there could be an analogue that is not tested by the strip in your dope. I am not very well versed in anything beyond test strips as far as guaranteeing the lack of fentanyl, though. But honestly if your dope has no legs it's more than likely fent or an analogue. I got a batch of fentanyl dope a few months back and I couldn't fucking enjoy it because I swear to God by the time I was finished sniffing the shit it was out of my system lol. I hate that nasty stuff. 

Also, your dealer could totally be lying about how much he does to ensure fentanyl free gear."
1644,Heroin with no legs?,lol and im not wrong about anything you said it had 0% i said that was wrong then you said it ha 15%... i win the end... also took pics of all ya dumb ass comments even posted a couple lol
1645,What's everyones opinion on the most effective way to do multiple times!?!,"Best way possible, get a 3ml-5ml oral syringe (doesn’t matter which kind), put the dry cottons all in the barrel, draw up 30-40 units of water so they are nice and submerged, and leave half the plunger down for room and shake it for a minute or so. Then simply squeeze the solution into ur spoon (this way you can squeeze every last bit) and I recommend wheel filtering for any cotton shots. However if it’s within 12-16 hours you shouldn’t get sick. Never seen anybody else make up cottons like my method before, and when I was still using I showed tons of people. Hope this helps."
1646,"Best way possible, get a 3ml-5ml oral syringe (doesn’t matter which kind), put the dry cottons all in the barrel, draw up 30-40 units of water so they are nice and submerged, and leave half the plunger down for room and shake it for a minute or so. Then simply squeeze the solution into ur spoon (this way you can squeeze every last bit) and I recommend wheel filtering for any cotton shots. However if it’s within 12-16 hours you shouldn’t get sick. Never seen anybody else make up cottons like my method before, and when I was still using I showed tons of people. Hope this helps.",This
1647,What's everyones opinion on the most effective way to do multiple times!?!,"One by one is best. Drop it in the cooker, mash that shit till the waters dark as possible, proceed as normal."
1648,"Hey guys, how long do you think a one time dose of 20 mg of Methadone will take to get out of my system?",5 half lives
1649,"Hey guys, how long do you think a one time dose of 20 mg of Methadone will take to get out of my system?",million years
1650,"Hey guys, how long do you think a one time dose of 20 mg of Methadone will take to get out of my system?",7 fucking days
1651,What will 7.5/325 Oxy do?,"You won’t feel much, if anything. You can attempt to manage pain with OTC tools, but if that doesn’t work and you decide to use what was prescribed, you should be fine taking one or half a pill. They’ll last about 4-6 hours, just try not to use for too long a period of time to avoid constipation."
1652,What will 7.5/325 Oxy do?,"You might feel a litte buzz, 7.5 isnt much but when I first took oxy I took a 10 and felt it. If you have no self control then ya do the over the counter stuff, but I think you should be able to take them for pain and control yourself."
1653,What will 7.5/325 Oxy do?,"No need to apologise, this is a very sensible and smart post. As others have stated, if you feel you need more than NSAIDS or non opioid pain relief, at that dose you should be fine to take the edge off, as your Dr has prescribed. 

There should be very little Euphoria if any at all. You may get some relaxation,  which will help your recovery. Good luck!!"
1654,What will 7.5/325 Oxy do?,"honestly I got hooked on just 60mg of codeine.  60mg of codeine is a tiny negligible dose, I barely noticed it - but when I was sat playing a video game after the drug, I noticed something was different. I was more content, I felt good.   A few days later I remembered this being odd and researched codeine.

Pandoras box was opened and now my tolerance is 480mg of oxycodone a day. plus dihydrocodeine, and tramadol.    Literally off that 60mg dose. I remember it like it was yesterday."
1655,What will 7.5/325 Oxy do?,"With no tolerance you'll get a little buzz, but don't over do it because speaking from experience addiction is no fun! Neither is dependency (when you just develop physical dependency on the substance and not the emotional dependency that comes w addiction) because the withdraws are not fun, even after just a month of use post-op you will have mild withdraw of you aren't careful with following doctors orders on script."
1656,Anyone know what tablets/pills these are?,Don't toss her codeine...
1657,Don't toss her codeine...,Why?...you want her dead?
1658,Why?...you want her dead?,"Speak to her and discuss tapering.

You want her to hate you?"
1659,"Speak to her and discuss tapering.

You want her to hate you?",I'm not some angry church wife. I've ran out of patience and effort. It's only me putting in effort for 15 long years of every single avenue of help and ideas. She's always back on it within weeks. Discussion is one way. Always me talking. Never heard her offer anything but sorry when she's caught out.
1660,I'm not some angry church wife. I've ran out of patience and effort. It's only me putting in effort for 15 long years of every single avenue of help and ideas. She's always back on it within weeks. Discussion is one way. Always me talking. Never heard her offer anything but sorry when she's caught out.,"You've ran out of patience? 15 years? Arguing? 

If suggest it's time for you two to move on... Have you asked her why the codiene? She may hurt. Also codeine is not dope or an insane fentanyl analogue."
1661,"You've ran out of patience? 15 years? Arguing? 

If suggest it's time for you two to move on... Have you asked her why the codiene? She may hurt. Also codeine is not dope or an insane fentanyl analogue.",Yes. She has panic attacks. It used to be recreational when I was out playing in a band she'd stay in and get some down her. When she got caught stealing and lost her job it ruined her self confidence and she's been self-loathing ever since. She now medicates herself to counter anxiety and panic. Yes it's caused arguements. But it's the lies and deceit that cause problems not the addiction. I love her. It's destroyed her and me. My priorities now have changed as we have a 5 year old and she is more important than guilt ridden addiction.
1662,Yes. She has panic attacks. It used to be recreational when I was out playing in a band she'd stay in and get some down her. When she got caught stealing and lost her job it ruined her self confidence and she's been self-loathing ever since. She now medicates herself to counter anxiety and panic. Yes it's caused arguements. But it's the lies and deceit that cause problems not the addiction. I love her. It's destroyed her and me. My priorities now have changed as we have a 5 year old and she is more important than guilt ridden addiction.,"I see. I absolutely understand also. I think first you need to talk. Reassure her you're there for her(that parts important), before you throw her codeine away find a treatment center on your own but don't tell her. She's hurting and taking codeine for a reason.

I'm sorry her and yourself are going through this, it's tough. Opiates for panic attacks and anxiety is how a lot of us started. Support her, find and set appointments for doctors."
1663,I'm not some angry church wife. I've ran out of patience and effort. It's only me putting in effort for 15 long years of every single avenue of help and ideas. She's always back on it within weeks. Discussion is one way. Always me talking. Never heard her offer anything but sorry when she's caught out.,"dude if she has a job and a life, seriously don't bin her codeine.

talk to her and say you will work out a new taper.  keep them hidden (WELL HIDDEN, I would scour my entire house for gear) and dish them out to her.

Forcing her to go cold turkey will just make her find a new source.  she'll then keep them hidden in her car or somewhere you can't find them."
1664,"dude if she has a job and a life, seriously don't bin her codeine.

talk to her and say you will work out a new taper.  keep them hidden (WELL HIDDEN, I would scour my entire house for gear) and dish them out to her.

Forcing her to go cold turkey will just make her find a new source.  she'll then keep them hidden in her car or somewhere you can't find them.",Been there done that. I'm out of time with this now. I am not living in constant worry. Seriously...handing out codieine to her?...I'm her partner. This is not what I planned with my life. It's not selfish to want better for myself and child. I've been looking after her for 15 years. It's always I should do this I should do that. But how about what she should do....how about she needs to act. I do see your point but your point I'd what I've done. What I'm doing. I'm not at fault.
1665,Anyone know what tablets/pills these are?,Search on drugs.com or google
1666,Search on drugs.com or google,Did that a lot lot lot already. That's why I'm asking here. Thanks though.
1667,Did that a lot lot lot already. That's why I'm asking here. Thanks though.,I couldn't find anything with those listings??
1668,I couldn't find anything with those listings??,Me neither which is worrying. She has amazing ways of getting all sorts of things. But these ones are the first I've not been able to identify. Thanks anyway.
1669,Anyone know what tablets/pills these are?,15mg codeine i believe
1670,15mg codeine i believe,Thanks. Let's hope the sewerage company can filter it out before it hits the lakes.
1671,Thanks. Let's hope the sewerage company can filter it out before it hits the lakes.,Lol. Just hold onto em’ man. You never know when they can come in handy just keep it in a place she literally never goes.
1672,Anyone know what tablets/pills these are?,"I've had DHC 30's that sounded like that but I am not sure.  Codeine/DHC will taste bitter.  In a tissue is rare as normally they are in blisterpacks.

Where is she getting them from?  the darkweb?  or the streets?   if they are from the streets they could be anything. they could be a benzo.  are they metallic and chalky?  are you from scotland?"
1673,Anyone know what tablets/pills these are?,"Don’t throw them, I know you are probably hurting but forcing her to go into WD won’t help anything, she will just buy more and hide them better."
1674,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,If I smoke too close together I’ll throw up but I love that first cig after a hit.
1675,If I smoke too close together I’ll throw up but I love that first cig after a hit.,I do too but the puking I could do without. It's weird cuz it's only sometimes not every time
1676,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,"This happens during your early phases of Heroin abuse.  After a while, pretty much all puking goes away.  I am back to lowerish tolerance so if I do a hair too much and then smoke, I boot all over every goddamn thing."
1677,"This happens during your early phases of Heroin abuse.  After a while, pretty much all puking goes away.  I am back to lowerish tolerance so if I do a hair too much and then smoke, I boot all over every goddamn thing.","Nah, I used for like four years straight and it still happened to me. Took a two-year break and started back and it happened again lmao"
1678,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,A lot of people mention this happening. I would usually throw up or feel like it if I was trying to smoke while starting to wd
1679,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,"Apparently it inhibits 5HT-3 receptors lowering the nausea threshold. Opioids have an emetic effect as well, so bam.

Oh the days when I could walk down the bar scene in downtown, high as fuck on hydrocodone or oxycodone, smoking cigars with a buddy...

We knew we hadn’t dosed properly if we weren’t nauseated by the time we walked by this certain bench, lol"
1680,"Apparently it inhibits 5HT-3 receptors lowering the nausea threshold. Opioids have an emetic effect as well, so bam.

Oh the days when I could walk down the bar scene in downtown, high as fuck on hydrocodone or oxycodone, smoking cigars with a buddy...

We knew we hadn’t dosed properly if we weren’t nauseated by the time we walked by this certain bench, lol",God damn thanks for that really good answer! I'm gonna look into that
1681,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,That shit used to happen to me when I’d smoke too many cigs back to back when I was high af lol I hated it!! I switched to juul too.. about a year ago and now that I think about it I’ve never gotten nauseous off these and can blast thru some pods when using which doesn’t make sense if one of these is supposed to =one pack of cigs? cuz I always thought it was the nicotine that fucked me up!!
1682,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,This is interesting. And to add to this discussion I’ve always wondered if nicotine heavily interacts with an opiate in terms of the strength or if there’s any synergy involved. I’ve gotten conflicting answers!
1683,Does nicotine make anyone else throw up after using?,This happens to me w/ all opiates. I have to be very careful about smoking cigs after.  I won’t throw up but I’ve came pretty damn close.
1684,ways to use heroin solution other than IVing?,Holy shit nevermind it re crystalized!!!! Into brown #3 heroin crystals wtf
1685,Holy shit nevermind it re crystalized!!!! Into brown #3 heroin crystals wtf,"Heroin will degrade to morphine hcl if left in water FYI. There might be more morphine there than heroin depending on how long you left it.


And I don't recommend administering any street drugs subcutaneously, that is just asking for an abscess. Honestly it would be safer to IV it, in an amount that is consistent with your tolerance."
1686,"Heroin will degrade to morphine hcl if left in water FYI. There might be more morphine there than heroin depending on how long you left it.


And I don't recommend administering any street drugs subcutaneously, that is just asking for an abscess. Honestly it would be safer to IV it, in an amount that is consistent with your tolerance.","It was left for a few hours, it must have been over saturated, and after i filtered it it was super pure then I stuck it in the freezer to make the crystals larger, then I opened up the syringe, crystals to try wash the citric acid out, now they've dried I've crushed them up and have have morphine salt I suppose!"
1687,"It was left for a few hours, it must have been over saturated, and after i filtered it it was super pure then I stuck it in the freezer to make the crystals larger, then I opened up the syringe, crystals to try wash the citric acid out, now they've dried I've crushed them up and have have morphine salt I suppose!","Seems odd to me that it hardened after dissolving it in water with the acid. I dont get nunber 3 dope here but it should be just a base form just like crack cocaine is. When you dissolve it in an acid it wont turn back into a base. after the vinegar evaporates youre just left with little crystaly powder, but that's only after the liquid evaporated"
1688,"Seems odd to me that it hardened after dissolving it in water with the acid. I dont get nunber 3 dope here but it should be just a base form just like crack cocaine is. When you dissolve it in an acid it wont turn back into a base. after the vinegar evaporates youre just left with little crystaly powder, but that's only after the liquid evaporated","Must have been because I added too much acid,so i drew about 1ml of boiled water to dilute it, I think it almost certainly was morphine at that point."
1689,"Seems odd to me that it hardened after dissolving it in water with the acid. I dont get nunber 3 dope here but it should be just a base form just like crack cocaine is. When you dissolve it in an acid it wont turn back into a base. after the vinegar evaporates youre just left with little crystaly powder, but that's only after the liquid evaporated","Also this stuff is the purest (and my very last, I'm quitting today) brown ever,it was just looking for an excuse to solidify, it wasn't very soluble in cold tap water at all."
1690,ways to use heroin solution other than IVing?,You can snort heroin mixed with water.
1691,ways to use heroin solution other than IVing?,Boof it
1692,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"I was the user dating a non user and he had no idea that I was using up until the last like 6 months because apparently I wasn’t as on my game with keeping my shit together. 

It was super hard because of all the lying and denial and having to hide shit. And definitely wasn’t fair to them because they totally ended up feeling like THEY were the crazy one because they could see something was up but wouldn’t get a straight answer from me (obviously). So it was definitely a hard situation to be in."
1693,"I was the user dating a non user and he had no idea that I was using up until the last like 6 months because apparently I wasn’t as on my game with keeping my shit together. 

It was super hard because of all the lying and denial and having to hide shit. And definitely wasn’t fair to them because they totally ended up feeling like THEY were the crazy one because they could see something was up but wouldn’t get a straight answer from me (obviously). So it was definitely a hard situation to be in.",I can relate to this so much. Girl I was in love with once hid her use from me for a long time. I discovered tracks one day. It lead to me thinking that it was all my fault. And inevitably we ended up using together cause I was too weak to say no. The relationship ended horribly and we don't speak anymore. Took some time to get over it all due to some circumstances that were out of my control.
1694,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"I think it's 100% up to you to be honest, or you dont have to be, but at that point what's the point of being with someone you can't trust and share your life with...? 
Maybe initially I wouldn't bring it up on the first date, but I've never lied about my use to my long time girlfriend. She inspires me to do better. I look up to her because she's growing as a person and it makes me want to change. I started using fairly young, myself and was lucky enough to have a supportive family/girl who I can trust.

I've felt guilty about letting her ""party too hard"" but at the same time accept responsibility to the fact that I am the source of these party favours and it's up to me to keep her safe if I'm doing anything w her. You have plenty of options, good luck homie."
1695,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"**Start getting shit done and it won't matter!** I'm a decade into this. First just weed and pills for five years and then suddenly im doing oxy and banging street dope for another five, grew weed and did crime to feed my habit(not in the US, Im European), but you know how it goes.... I met a girl, and she got me straight.... No, not sober. She is though.  But I promised that I will never ever again commit a crime that harms another person physically or financially. She's tried to make me quit several times, but it never works for long. My longest is a month. This just seems to be how Im wired (I know its because my brain is fucked up from all the dope, spare me). So anyway I'm still doing drugs whats my point here? My point is, that is it really your addiction thats stopping you, or is the addiction just an excuse for you to not do anything else. because the dope helps you not care about what a loser you are? Really ask yourself. Why are you not doing anything with your life? is it because all your time is spent chasing drugs and shooting up? Well that is straight up bullshit. I am just now finishing a college god damn degree, from a good school no less, right now and I am a stone cold crazy speedballin' junkieman, and if I can do it, anyone else can. You will feel better about yourself and your life once you start getting things done! You'll rely less on drugs, and maybe eventually reach some kind of stability? Maybe start slow and just go outside for walks or something each day, get a shit job or something, just do something *besides* dope.

Your girlfriend will love you for it. And if she really does love you, she will be angry with you and there will be fights, but she won't leave as long as you try. Once you stop trying they're gone, man. You can have a good relationship with someone who does not use, as long as you put in the same effort they do but thats just every relationship. If one person isn't putting in any effort in that relationship it is DOA.  You also don't lie about your use constantly. You can never lie about it really, you have to be as honest as possible. Just tell them that you're noddy because you did H not because you're sleepy, just fucking say it. They will be mad but telling them is far better than lying and building up that poisonous doubt. If you are doing things in your life that are not just drugs then you might just be fine. My relationship works because my girl understands that i have serious anxiety issues that have to be treated some way, and the medical system has fucked me over so bad i refuse to see a doctor and so i ""self-medicate"". I also have pains from various injuries and a bad back. So she knows about the opiates and the benzos and has tried to get me to quit but she has kind of given up. I mean, i cause no trouble, I am always good to her, and I work my ass off both at work and school, do my absolute best to at least appear sorta normal around her and she appreciates that. However, sometimes I just splurge and will be a mess, but If all I did was lay around and shoot dope like i did before i met her... she would leave immediately.

So sometimes i choose and embrace the dirty junkie that i am, and at others i try to focus on more productive things, like higher learning. See, i think this is the problem and one huge mistake, an assumption that people make that you can only be either or. You're either a dirtbag do nothing junkie, or you hold down a decent job and have a functioning life with a wife devoid of anything that might accidentally be pleasurable. Me, i happen to have accomplished something inbetween as far as it seems, though its likely that i will die of some sort of overdose at a young age, i do combinations of huge doses of stuff that should kill me, like at least oxy 180mg crushed, some ketamine, alotta benzoz and at least a handle of whiskey, all at the same time which is mostly why my gf hates what i do, but she understands why and where its coming from, and thats just the best thing. And i respect her respecting me, by never ever doing that shit around her. Maybe that's the secret to our relationship really? idk. but if ur person doesn't like you getting high, don't get high in their presence.

But god damn stop making excuses, if you're the kind to just lay around. The only reason you haven't done something is because you haven't put the effort in, life's hard for everybody so buckle up bucko and earn that speedball at the end of the week. Think of your drug ""problem"" thats keeping you down instead more of as a ""reward system"", that you get for working hard. It will actually trick your brain, because you want that reward right... you NEED it... so go do your damn shift.

You will have more respect for yourself, and your girlfriend will respect you also, if you just keep at it and get stuff done. This isn't even some ""bootstraps"" speech, you might have a shit job your whole life... but holding that job down will mean something."
1696,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"Don't ever let the woman you love smoke heroin because you need/want more dope. You more than likely will drag her down. Unless you are actively trying to get help you aren't being fair to her. Drugs will always come before her. Especially if you're getting sick. I've gotten numerous girls addicted to pills etc just by keeping them around me. Eventually they want to try this stuff that is so important to you. The girl I ""let"" smoke heroin. She ended up linking with ""friends"" of mine behind my back and using her parents money to IV pills. I don't think she would have ever done that has she not been exposed to the scum I scored from."
1697,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"My partner has been a heavy codieine addict for 15 years. She almost destroyed us financially and probably will in the future. She lies about it constantly...but I know when she's using. She looks so ill when she's heavy using and denies it even when caught. She's tried to get help but lies to the people trying to help her. She's lied and stole from everyone she loves. It's destroyed me but I'm stuck. I hate her having this hold over me as if I tell anyone it will ruin her. We have a child and I do not know if she is safe to look after her some days. There's no talking to her about it as she is a compulsive deluded liar in fear of losing everything...and by everything I mean sometimes her next hit/fix/hand full of tablets. 

So if you're worried then there's obviously something to worry about. You will at some point have to choose. Junkie or not. Or...just find yourself a user as a partner and spiral into coma's together safe in the knowledge that you both used and it wasn't your fault."
1698,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"The short and honest answer is yes, in my opinion. It’s probably possible for it not to be in very unique circumstances, but for most cases, it is selfish.

It’s a complicated question, to be sure. Rationalizations that one is protecting the other from pain in some way are just too easy to believe in, in the face of the challenges addiction presents."
1699,is it selfish to be in a relationship with a non-user? experiences VERY welcome. please share. i don’t know what to do.,"Everyone's experience is different.

I say yes. I was using pills to cover my already diagnosed mental issues."
1700,Oxycodone Sandoz 40mg - Crushable?,Sandoz are crushable
1701,Sandoz are crushable,Thank you a lot !
1702,XR Pills Not Breaking Down in WD?,"Yes. Although i dont know if there is anything medically that i could find to back this up. Ive noticed in the passed that I'd be in withdrawal and lets say i ate a salad, I'd basically shit salad out 30 minutes later as my body was just running whatever i put into it right out. Id assume its entirely possible especislly since theyre XR pills"
1703,XR Pills Not Breaking Down in WD?,Seroquel always made my RLS way worse.
1704,Seroquel always made my RLS way worse.,"I’ve heard this from a ton of people.  I don’t seem to have those issues, though...and it knocks me the fuck out"
1705,XR Pills Not Breaking Down in WD?,"Opiate use long term does something foul to the stomach. I've been clean for a year and my stomach still is fucked up. It's like I don't digest food properly. I mean eating healthy helps obviously. But if I'm having a bad day it doesn't matter. I will still have to use the restroom way too soon after eating. It's very frustrating. I'm going to be making an appointment to see a gastroenterologist asap. I don't know if they can actually help. But it's worth a shot.

I wish I could find out exactly what opiates due to your stomach."
1706,"Opiate use long term does something foul to the stomach. I've been clean for a year and my stomach still is fucked up. It's like I don't digest food properly. I mean eating healthy helps obviously. But if I'm having a bad day it doesn't matter. I will still have to use the restroom way too soon after eating. It's very frustrating. I'm going to be making an appointment to see a gastroenterologist asap. I don't know if they can actually help. But it's worth a shot.

I wish I could find out exactly what opiates due to your stomach.","Yes, because I’m fairly certain these pills aren’t even beginning to digest.  It’s like I’m shitting Skittles, literally."
1707,"Yes, because I’m fairly certain these pills aren’t even beginning to digest.  It’s like I’m shitting Skittles, literally.",Yea man that's 100% what is happening. I know about that. It's not fun. You need to get your hands on imodium and take the pills 20-30 min after you take about 3 imodium. That will keep the pills in your stomach long enough to dissolve hopefully.
1708,XR Pills Not Breaking Down in WD?,This is common with some XR pills. I am not sure with yours but i had Exalgo pills (hydromorphone) that would pass whole. Not totally uncommon.
1709,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,"Get a few days worth of methadone.  Or just have him go to a methadone clinic for 3 to 5 days, get that Sunday take-home, and never go back."
1710,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,Have them take kratom. Will help so much its not even funny.
1711,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,Subs
1712,Subs,i was thinking about giving him bartard dose of xanax would that help
1713,i was thinking about giving him bartard dose of xanax would that help,I wouldn’t give him an excessive dose but if he feeling anxiety from withdrawals I’m sure a little Xanax would help the symptoms. However if he’s done any heroin today I don’t recommend any Xanax
1714,I wouldn’t give him an excessive dose but if he feeling anxiety from withdrawals I’m sure a little Xanax would help the symptoms. However if he’s done any heroin today I don’t recommend any Xanax,what about physical symptoms
1715,what about physical symptoms,Typical over the counter medications will help but nothing is gonna make him feel normal except for opiates. If he wants to quit he’s gonna have to tough it out for a few days or weeks depending on the height of his addiction and deal with the symptoms. It does get better but it is not easy
1716,Typical over the counter medications will help but nothing is gonna make him feel normal except for opiates. If he wants to quit he’s gonna have to tough it out for a few days or weeks depending on the height of his addiction and deal with the symptoms. It does get better but it is not easy,c-lam made him feel normal and hugely helped
1717,c-lam made him feel normal and hugely helped,What is c-lam?
1718,what about physical symptoms,"Xanax will 100% help with w/d and I mean HUGELY HELP. 

Just be very responsible with it. Benzos are given to people in opiate w/d at every reputable detox center. And if you have enough make sure to taper him or her off."
1719,what about physical symptoms,Oh yeah and you need muscle relaxers and immodium and enough water to drown three to four very large animals. Also weed is very very helpful for appetite and mood.
1720,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,"Some Gabapentin (600-1200mg per day) or Pregabalin (300-600mg per day) would also help a LOT. 
Clonidine is another one, but I've never found it to be that great. Takes the edge off slightly.

Last but not least apparently black seed oil is supposed to help.
Even megadoses of vitamin c (don't use ascorbic acid tho as it's too acidic, you need sodium ascorbate or calcium ascorbate). Take 500mg-1g every hour.
Should be able to get the vitamins at a health food store.
Magnesium glycinate is also good for the muscle aches and restlessness.

Imo the most effective are the drugs I mentioned first (i.e. Gabapentin or Pregabalin).
Obviously subs (Buprenorphine), methadone or kratom would be ideal."
1721,"Some Gabapentin (600-1200mg per day) or Pregabalin (300-600mg per day) would also help a LOT. 
Clonidine is another one, but I've never found it to be that great. Takes the edge off slightly.

Last but not least apparently black seed oil is supposed to help.
Even megadoses of vitamin c (don't use ascorbic acid tho as it's too acidic, you need sodium ascorbate or calcium ascorbate). Take 500mg-1g every hour.
Should be able to get the vitamins at a health food store.
Magnesium glycinate is also good for the muscle aches and restlessness.

Imo the most effective are the drugs I mentioned first (i.e. Gabapentin or Pregabalin).
Obviously subs (Buprenorphine), methadone or kratom would be ideal.",i was thinking about giving him heavy to blackout dose of xanax how much would that help or is it stupid
1722,i was thinking about giving him heavy to blackout dose of xanax how much would that help or is it stupid,"Yeah that's stupid. The outcome could be very bad
and you would be responsible if anything happened to him."
1723,i was thinking about giving him heavy to blackout dose of xanax how much would that help or is it stupid,"Hmm I've personally never found benzos to be that helpful during opioid withdrawals. But that's just me.
Xanax in particular isn't very sedating though. I'd go with something like diazepam or diclazepam.
Clonazolam is also a monster apparently. I've never tried it.

Imo gabapentinoids are more helpful for alleviating opi wd's than benzos.

Edit: the xanax would be better than nothing though."
1724,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,Benzos.
1725,Benzos.,thank you u the first person has not called me stupid for suggesting benzos lolol
1726,thank you u the first person has not called me stupid for suggesting benzos lolol,It works wonders. However always keep in mind that benzos are addictive
1727,Can someone dm me and help my on how i can help my friend on heroin cold turkey?,Shrooms
1728,Shrooms,NIGGAWHAT!?
1729,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?",Opanas
1730,Opanas,Ditto^
1731,Ditto^,Blastoise^
1732,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","Dipipanone (Diconal), has anyone here ever had it?"
1733,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","Dipipanone (Diconal, Wellconnal), Dextromoramide (Palfium), Phenadoxone, Isomethadone, Bezitramide, Phenazocine, Pentazocine (Talwin), Meperidine/Pethidine, Ketobemidone, Prodine, Trimeperidine, Anileridine, Tilidine, Viminol, Tapentadol (Nucynta), Clonitazene, Levorphanol, Desomorphine (pharmaceutical grade not that shitty shake n bake Krokodil bullshit), Dihydromorphine, Nicomorphine and other esters of morphine like Dibenzoylmorphine, Diformylmorphine, Dipropanoylmorphine, Acetylpropionylmorphine, and Diacetyldihydromorphine.

Yes it's quite a long list of obscure opioids indeed lol.

Edit; Jesus Christ... niggas down voting my comment for talking about opioids I want to do despite part of OP's question being ""If you could do any opiates"" I guess wanting to try unique and novel opioids is frowned upon and I should just pick Opana even though I've already done it or some form of Heroin or 30 milligram Oxycodone with a certain imprint... 🙄

Last I checked this sub was supposed to be better than r/drugs"
1734,"Dipipanone (Diconal, Wellconnal), Dextromoramide (Palfium), Phenadoxone, Isomethadone, Bezitramide, Phenazocine, Pentazocine (Talwin), Meperidine/Pethidine, Ketobemidone, Prodine, Trimeperidine, Anileridine, Tilidine, Viminol, Tapentadol (Nucynta), Clonitazene, Levorphanol, Desomorphine (pharmaceutical grade not that shitty shake n bake Krokodil bullshit), Dihydromorphine, Nicomorphine and other esters of morphine like Dibenzoylmorphine, Diformylmorphine, Dipropanoylmorphine, Acetylpropionylmorphine, and Diacetyldihydromorphine.

Yes it's quite a long list of obscure opioids indeed lol.

Edit; Jesus Christ... niggas down voting my comment for talking about opioids I want to do despite part of OP's question being ""If you could do any opiates"" I guess wanting to try unique and novel opioids is frowned upon and I should just pick Opana even though I've already done it or some form of Heroin or 30 milligram Oxycodone with a certain imprint... 🙄

Last I checked this sub was supposed to be better than r/drugs",Demerol sucks. It was like tramadol on steroids. Very dirty feeling. I like your list so i will up-doot ya back
1735,Demerol sucks. It was like tramadol on steroids. Very dirty feeling. I like your list so i will up-doot ya back,It's for novelty purposes haha I'd like to think it would be better than Tramadol lol.
1736,It's for novelty purposes haha I'd like to think it would be better than Tramadol lol.,It is but not by much
1737,"Dipipanone (Diconal, Wellconnal), Dextromoramide (Palfium), Phenadoxone, Isomethadone, Bezitramide, Phenazocine, Pentazocine (Talwin), Meperidine/Pethidine, Ketobemidone, Prodine, Trimeperidine, Anileridine, Tilidine, Viminol, Tapentadol (Nucynta), Clonitazene, Levorphanol, Desomorphine (pharmaceutical grade not that shitty shake n bake Krokodil bullshit), Dihydromorphine, Nicomorphine and other esters of morphine like Dibenzoylmorphine, Diformylmorphine, Dipropanoylmorphine, Acetylpropionylmorphine, and Diacetyldihydromorphine.

Yes it's quite a long list of obscure opioids indeed lol.

Edit; Jesus Christ... niggas down voting my comment for talking about opioids I want to do despite part of OP's question being ""If you could do any opiates"" I guess wanting to try unique and novel opioids is frowned upon and I should just pick Opana even though I've already done it or some form of Heroin or 30 milligram Oxycodone with a certain imprint... 🙄

Last I checked this sub was supposed to be better than r/drugs","Levorphanol was nice...

Never heard of Isomethadone"
1738,"Levorphanol was nice...

Never heard of Isomethadone",Isomethadone used to be marketed under the brand name Liden although I can't find much info on that pharmaceutical. Apparently Isomethadone is twice as strong as Methadone and more euphoric as well.
1739,"Dipipanone (Diconal, Wellconnal), Dextromoramide (Palfium), Phenadoxone, Isomethadone, Bezitramide, Phenazocine, Pentazocine (Talwin), Meperidine/Pethidine, Ketobemidone, Prodine, Trimeperidine, Anileridine, Tilidine, Viminol, Tapentadol (Nucynta), Clonitazene, Levorphanol, Desomorphine (pharmaceutical grade not that shitty shake n bake Krokodil bullshit), Dihydromorphine, Nicomorphine and other esters of morphine like Dibenzoylmorphine, Diformylmorphine, Dipropanoylmorphine, Acetylpropionylmorphine, and Diacetyldihydromorphine.

Yes it's quite a long list of obscure opioids indeed lol.

Edit; Jesus Christ... niggas down voting my comment for talking about opioids I want to do despite part of OP's question being ""If you could do any opiates"" I guess wanting to try unique and novel opioids is frowned upon and I should just pick Opana even though I've already done it or some form of Heroin or 30 milligram Oxycodone with a certain imprint... 🙄

Last I checked this sub was supposed to be better than r/drugs","The esters of morphine have always been of great interest I dont think there is a viable synthetic pathway which is going to limit economic viablity with the recent popularity of fully synthetics.

Maybe they can get some dihydromorphine or something relatively simple thru the GM yeast pathway."
1740,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","Would love to try breaking down and shooting a 16mg ER dil, or China white. I only get tar here sadly"
1741,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","I’d choose Opana as well. I’ve only had my current Vicodin prescription for my chronic back pain and after my surgery I was prescribed 150, 5mg Roxicodone pills. They are the best I’ve ever had!"
1742,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?",[deleted]
1743,[deleted],Can’t find heroin? What general region are you in?
1744,Can’t find heroin? What general region are you in?,[deleted]
1745,[deleted],Really?   No dope there?   In the north I could always find it even in the rural mountain areas known for its cash crop
1746,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?",Ketogan/ Ketobemidone... really hard to come across but it’s supposed to be 🔥
1747,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?",I'd choose diaphin (200 mg IR diacetylmorphine tablets)
1748,I'd choose diaphin (200 mg IR diacetylmorphine tablets),[deleted]
1749,[deleted],"Yeah, that's what I'd do, who does heroin orally lol?"
1750,"Yeah, that's what I'd do, who does heroin orally lol?",[deleted]
1751,[deleted],"Someone posted a pic of two tablets they bought a while back in a subreddit, I'll let and link it if I find it, think they said it felt super similar to oxy more than even morphine euphoria wise, says it blew even opanas outta the water.

Edit: [Diaphin post I was talking About](https://www.reddit.com/r/OpiateChurch/comments/cpig27/pharmaceutical_heroin_from_switzerland_diaphin/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)"
1752,"Someone posted a pic of two tablets they bought a while back in a subreddit, I'll let and link it if I find it, think they said it felt super similar to oxy more than even morphine euphoria wise, says it blew even opanas outta the water.

Edit: [Diaphin post I was talking About](https://www.reddit.com/r/OpiateChurch/comments/cpig27/pharmaceutical_heroin_from_switzerland_diaphin/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)",[deleted]
1753,[deleted],"Ironically, diaphin is actually used as a maintenance drug there, when two rehabs or maintenance drugs such as methadone, Suboxone, and vivitrol, or any combo of all of them, don't work. I'm also on Suboxone, but I still fiend for that pill."
1754,I'd choose diaphin (200 mg IR diacetylmorphine tablets),I have Diaphin and it is amazing :)
1755,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","OC 160 and some Opanas. I heard Opanas are about twice as strong as oxy. Is this true? Also do Opanas give you more of a euphoric high? Just curious, was thinking about trying to order some if I can first find a legit vendor who has any."
1756,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","If I could try one other than my regularly prescribed oxycodone 5mg, I would probably want to try the 4 mg or 8 mg hydromorphone."
1757,"If I could try one other than my regularly prescribed oxycodone 5mg, I would probably want to try the 4 mg or 8 mg hydromorphone.","Also, I feel like this link if pretty appropriate where Creed from The Office is asking Meredith about painkillers would probably describe what most of us would like to try if we had the chance! https://youtu.be/q0GVFXH96_Y"
1758,"If you could get any opiates or certain pills/certain type of dope you haven’t tried before, what would it be?","Real China white, diaphin(pharma H), Laudanum, oxynorm syrup, opana , Thai stick dipped in opium"
1759,Will tramadol hit harder or faster if I plug it?,"Tramadol is prodrug, so its only going to work if it gets metabolized. I dont think plugging gonna work at all."
1760,"Tramadol is prodrug, so its only going to work if it gets metabolized. I dont think plugging gonna work at all.",Thanks. I dont know anything about prodrugs.. So it wouldnt even work if id IV it?
1761,Thanks. I dont know anything about prodrugs.. So it wouldnt even work if id IV it?,It would not work if you IV it.
1762,Thanks. I dont know anything about prodrugs.. So it wouldnt even work if id IV it?,"Gotta swallow trams bro, it won't take too long to kick in just maybe wake up earlier n pop em when u wake up"
1763,Will tramadol hit harder or faster if I plug it?,Tram isnt like hydrocodones n shit. Ive never heard of cwe for tram. Just wake up an hour earlier and take it normally
1764,Tram isnt like hydrocodones n shit. Ive never heard of cwe for tram. Just wake up an hour earlier and take it normally,"Agreed.  Youre overthinking it
 Be careful though as there is a seziure risk."
1765,"Agreed.  Youre overthinking it
 Be careful though as there is a seziure risk.","Thanks for your kind words but I am on 3×2mg clonazepam and take about 60mg midazolam.

Ive also took up to a gram of tramal mixed with xanax and had no seizures"
1766,CWE for naloxone?,Just don' t shoot up n it won't matter
1767,CWE for naloxone?,Nope it's water soluble unfortunately.
1768,CWE for naloxone?,How is the tilidine buzz? I've never come across it irl
1769,CWE for naloxone?,"Its ok. The first time it was a great buzz but after 5-10 times its just ok. Feeling a bit sedated, no euphoria. Just a bit stronger than Tramadol. And once you have done the hard stuff it just helps keeping the wds at bay."
1770,CWE for naloxone?,"No. As others stated it's water souble so not many options. 

On the happier note oxycodone is great orally. So it's really not a bad situation"
1771,"No. As others stated it's water souble so not many options. 

On the happier note oxycodone is great orally. So it's really not a bad situation",Its not Oxy its Tilidin. But as far as I know at Tilidin the oral BA is the highest too.
1772,Its not Oxy its Tilidin. But as far as I know at Tilidin the oral BA is the highest too.,"My fault. Confused it for a different drug. 

Ignore past comments due to ignorance...😬"
1773,"My fault. Confused it for a different drug. 

Ignore past comments due to ignorance...😬",No problem mate. Everyone can happen a failure. No worries.
1774,CWE for naloxone?,No naloxone is water soluable
1775,How long for buprenorphine tolerance to go down?,"A few weeks atleast. Bupe tolerance builds insanely fast. I can go weeks without taking it, get high as a kite the first day, sort of high the second day then feel nothing every day after that"
1776,"A few weeks atleast. Bupe tolerance builds insanely fast. I can go weeks without taking it, get high as a kite the first day, sort of high the second day then feel nothing every day after that","This is completely wrong, bupe tolerance does not build fast. If bupe tolerance went up fast, so would your dosage when on Suboxone.  Bupe is used because you do not have to continue to increase dosage."
1777,"This is completely wrong, bupe tolerance does not build fast. If bupe tolerance went up fast, so would your dosage when on Suboxone.  Bupe is used because you do not have to continue to increase dosage.","No you’re not totally wrong. What I meant as for your tolerance going up fast, recreationally, your tolerance will build in that sense. It will still be affective for maintenance treatment, and will be useful even at a lower dose, you just won’t get high. So yeah I’m not wrong but you’re also not right."
1778,"No you’re not totally wrong. What I meant as for your tolerance going up fast, recreationally, your tolerance will build in that sense. It will still be affective for maintenance treatment, and will be useful even at a lower dose, you just won’t get high. So yeah I’m not wrong but you’re also not right.","No your wrong, your talking about half life. When using recreational opiates they have a short half life, allowing you to get ""high"" and then come down ""low"" over a period of about 8-12 hours. Bupe's half life is incredibly long, for an opiate, so, over a period of say 24 hours, one dose of bupe will keep you ""high."" Taking bupe every 4 days or so allows you to dose, get high, come down and then repeat the process. If you dose bupe every other day or every day, you don't really come down you stay in a perpetual high which after a week or so, doesn't feel like you're high anymore, it becomes your new normal. So, you remove the Bupe and you get WDs. 

The other reason bupe is prescribed is because it also has a ceiling. For me, it's 8mg or so. Meaning, I can take 60mg and feel no difference between them.
TLDR: Bupe is used because people do not have to keep increasing dosage, and because it's safe with a ceiling, preventing ODs unless you combine with something like a benzo."
1779,"No your wrong, your talking about half life. When using recreational opiates they have a short half life, allowing you to get ""high"" and then come down ""low"" over a period of about 8-12 hours. Bupe's half life is incredibly long, for an opiate, so, over a period of say 24 hours, one dose of bupe will keep you ""high."" Taking bupe every 4 days or so allows you to dose, get high, come down and then repeat the process. If you dose bupe every other day or every day, you don't really come down you stay in a perpetual high which after a week or so, doesn't feel like you're high anymore, it becomes your new normal. So, you remove the Bupe and you get WDs. 

The other reason bupe is prescribed is because it also has a ceiling. For me, it's 8mg or so. Meaning, I can take 60mg and feel no difference between them.
TLDR: Bupe is used because people do not have to keep increasing dosage, and because it's safe with a ceiling, preventing ODs unless you combine with something like a benzo.","Yeah you’re right, I couldn’t think of what it was called. 

So when I would take it recreationally, I’d have about 3 days I could feel it then it wouldn’t do anything but I would need to wait 2 weeks or so before I could get high off it again. That’s where the tolerance from it would be built up. It still would have an affect on me and not allow me to have withdrawals but it would need to be out of your system before it would allow you to feel high off of it again. It was also the same where after about 8mg the affect would top out and it would be a waste to take anymore, so when I would do it recreationally, I could take 30mg if I wanted and not be any more high than if I would take 8-12mg."
1780,"This is completely wrong, bupe tolerance does not build fast. If bupe tolerance went up fast, so would your dosage when on Suboxone.  Bupe is used because you do not have to continue to increase dosage.",Maybe there’s a better thing to call it other than tolerance but the quested asked was how come I can’t get high off bupe after getting high from taking it for consistent days in a row. Well because it builds up in your system fast and then won’t give you a high once you’ve reached that point. Would that not be considered your tolerance going up? I take 8mg a day and have for 4 years. I have also came off it and took it recreationally and got high the first few days then did not anymore after that.
1781,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,"I'm in the UK, and here, they have a program on TV/Sky called Banged Up Abroad, watch that, then decide if you want to smuggle shit over there! 🤔 lol. Myself, I wouldn't bother. Thailand has loads of drugs anyway?!"
1782,"I'm in the UK, and here, they have a program on TV/Sky called Banged Up Abroad, watch that, then decide if you want to smuggle shit over there! 🤔 lol. Myself, I wouldn't bother. Thailand has loads of drugs anyway?!",In the US we have Locked Up Abroad haha
1783,"I'm in the UK, and here, they have a program on TV/Sky called Banged Up Abroad, watch that, then decide if you want to smuggle shit over there! 🤔 lol. Myself, I wouldn't bother. Thailand has loads of drugs anyway?!","Haha i watch this show when ever I feel like my lifes a bit shit. Always end up feeling my life ain't too bad cause at least I'm not going through that shit. 

Tldr.. dont try smuggle drugs on planes in Asia or south America. Or anywhere, but yeah,  fuck that shit bro"
1784,"Haha i watch this show when ever I feel like my lifes a bit shit. Always end up feeling my life ain't too bad cause at least I'm not going through that shit. 

Tldr.. dont try smuggle drugs on planes in Asia or south America. Or anywhere, but yeah,  fuck that shit bro","ahaha yeah, they go through some fucked up shit, to say the least! I just wouldn't put myself in that position, no matter how small a drug I wanted to take."
1785,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,"Yeah dawg, just skip the jail time, and just do a CWE on your codeine. If the trams are making you feel weird, like they do for plenty of people, miss those and stick to codeine. 

I did that in Costa Rica way back when, coming off of a 30-40mg/day snorted hydromorphone habit, and 250mg of codeine not only killed WDs, but actually got me a decent buzz. It was super itchy though, should have gotten Benadryl for codeine. 

But yeah, if you're a chipper, and 30mg oxy gets you high, 200-300mg codeine should do you right, and keep you out of SE Asian jails.

Edit: you'll wanna edit out that part at the end asking for people to dm you, that's sourcing and is pretty against the rules."
1786,"Yeah dawg, just skip the jail time, and just do a CWE on your codeine. If the trams are making you feel weird, like they do for plenty of people, miss those and stick to codeine. 

I did that in Costa Rica way back when, coming off of a 30-40mg/day snorted hydromorphone habit, and 250mg of codeine not only killed WDs, but actually got me a decent buzz. It was super itchy though, should have gotten Benadryl for codeine. 

But yeah, if you're a chipper, and 30mg oxy gets you high, 200-300mg codeine should do you right, and keep you out of SE Asian jails.

Edit: you'll wanna edit out that part at the end asking for people to dm you, that's sourcing and is pretty against the rules.","Whoa...I have never even heard of CWE. haha. I had no idea that was possible.  I just YouTube how and it looked like I needed a beaker, acetone, boiling pots and the videos are like 30minutes long...made me feel like ""I won't have time to do that or get all of that"".  In your (or anyone's experience) is it worth it?  How hard is it?  Is there an easy way to do it on the fly for someone like me who has yet to try?  Or is there lots of trial and error and takes time/practice to get it right?  

Also..I removed the PM part...thanks man!"
1787,"Whoa...I have never even heard of CWE. haha. I had no idea that was possible.  I just YouTube how and it looked like I needed a beaker, acetone, boiling pots and the videos are like 30minutes long...made me feel like ""I won't have time to do that or get all of that"".  In your (or anyone's experience) is it worth it?  How hard is it?  Is there an easy way to do it on the fly for someone like me who has yet to try?  Or is there lots of trial and error and takes time/practice to get it right?  

Also..I removed the PM part...thanks man!","No you don't need all that stuff for a CWE;  it's super easy, pretty quick, and very much worth the effort if your codeine is mixed with APAP aka acetaminophen aka tylenol. There should be a CWE guide in the sidebar of this sub. Lemme know if you ~~can't did it.~~ can't find it"
1788,"No you don't need all that stuff for a CWE;  it's super easy, pretty quick, and very much worth the effort if your codeine is mixed with APAP aka acetaminophen aka tylenol. There should be a CWE guide in the sidebar of this sub. Lemme know if you ~~can't did it.~~ can't find it",If you can't did it lol
1789,"No you don't need all that stuff for a CWE;  it's super easy, pretty quick, and very much worth the effort if your codeine is mixed with APAP aka acetaminophen aka tylenol. There should be a CWE guide in the sidebar of this sub. Lemme know if you ~~can't did it.~~ can't find it","Found it, thanks so much!!!"
1790,"Whoa...I have never even heard of CWE. haha. I had no idea that was possible.  I just YouTube how and it looked like I needed a beaker, acetone, boiling pots and the videos are like 30minutes long...made me feel like ""I won't have time to do that or get all of that"".  In your (or anyone's experience) is it worth it?  How hard is it?  Is there an easy way to do it on the fly for someone like me who has yet to try?  Or is there lots of trial and error and takes time/practice to get it right?  

Also..I removed the PM part...thanks man!",It's extremely easy.
1791,"Whoa...I have never even heard of CWE. haha. I had no idea that was possible.  I just YouTube how and it looked like I needed a beaker, acetone, boiling pots and the videos are like 30minutes long...made me feel like ""I won't have time to do that or get all of that"".  In your (or anyone's experience) is it worth it?  How hard is it?  Is there an easy way to do it on the fly for someone like me who has yet to try?  Or is there lots of trial and error and takes time/practice to get it right?  

Also..I removed the PM part...thanks man!","Follow his instructions about the benadryl trust us. The CWE codeine makes you extremely itchy. You might also get some like very mild ""hives"". But they'll go away very fast and they aren't a big deal. This coming from someone who has a phobia of rashes. So that should say something. But yea it'll be a nice recreational dose."
1792,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,"If Tramadol is making you sick, then stay away from it. And there is a seizure risk at higher doses."
1793,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,Where the hell do you get Oxy over the counter? Apparently Cambodia. I thought it was real difficult in Mexico.
1794,Where the hell do you get Oxy over the counter? Apparently Cambodia. I thought it was real difficult in Mexico.,I know it’s OTC in Honduras too; saw it when I was there.
1795,Where the hell do you get Oxy over the counter? Apparently Cambodia. I thought it was real difficult in Mexico.,You can get oxy over the counter in a lot of South America
1796,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,"Thanks everyone, really appreciate the thoughts and feedback here.  I will stick with low dose tramadol and throw in a few codeine doses like last time."
1797,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,"Man, they will cut your dick off if they catch you smuggling. Not worth the risk. There’s so much other fun shit to do in Thailand. Take a break."
1798,"Man, they will cut your dick off if they catch you smuggling. Not worth the risk. There’s so much other fun shit to do in Thailand. Take a break.","For sure, agreed."
1799,"Man, they will cut your dick off if they catch you smuggling. Not worth the risk. There’s so much other fun shit to do in Thailand. Take a break.","You're probably right, I will not do it.  Thanks for the advice"
1800,What should I do? Traveling Discussion,I would just stop because chances are your going to end up with fentanyl 30’s sometime in the next year or two & you will die when you take the whole thing thinking it’s just a 30 unless somehow you can get ahold of real oxy from the pharmacy and only from the pharmacy and even then I would suggest you stay away because every few months will turn into every few weeks and then every few days and finially everyday until your on heroin . May take a few years but once you find a dealer for them your mind will trick you into thinking you can cop just one more time and that’s it once you have a supply and have felt the feeling it’s over man that’s the truth .
1801,I would just stop because chances are your going to end up with fentanyl 30’s sometime in the next year or two & you will die when you take the whole thing thinking it’s just a 30 unless somehow you can get ahold of real oxy from the pharmacy and only from the pharmacy and even then I would suggest you stay away because every few months will turn into every few weeks and then every few days and finially everyday until your on heroin . May take a few years but once you find a dealer for them your mind will trick you into thinking you can cop just one more time and that’s it once you have a supply and have felt the feeling it’s over man that’s the truth .,"not bad advice, but I guess I'm confused why a member of an opiate group who's name is Mr.Dope would tell a casual user he is going to die of fentanyl when he's never used it. LOLOLOL"
1802,"not bad advice, but I guess I'm confused why a member of an opiate group who's name is Mr.Dope would tell a casual user he is going to die of fentanyl when he's never used it. LOLOLOL","100% get where your coming lol from I’ve been addicted to fentanyl before and gotten off it in February on methadone now and on a slow detox but honestly I’ve seen it waaay too many times to not see where this story ends & I just wish somebody had told me what was going to happen back when I had a chance of getting out . so I figured I would just explain exactly what’s gunna happen if he keeps fucking with them that’s all & if you have been down the road long enough you would know that is what’s gunna happen . I mean seriously what’s the chances this person that obviously likes the feeling of them is going to only do 30’s once every few months & he would have to somehow find clean 30’s Just a few times a year not a steady supply . How long till he finds somebody that sells him fakes ? Just feel like somebody should give him a heads up of what’s to come .  But I do apologize for being harsh ! It’s the truth though .. 

btw sorry I couldn’t give you any advice on the travel aspect of your question but I would grab subs and use those while your over there if you absolutely have to get high or just take the otc shit you can buy there that’s much much safer then bringing pills without a script & I believe the laws over there are really bad for smuggling so I don’t think I would personally take the risk but if you do end up doing it I wish you best of luck !"
1803,"100% get where your coming lol from I’ve been addicted to fentanyl before and gotten off it in February on methadone now and on a slow detox but honestly I’ve seen it waaay too many times to not see where this story ends & I just wish somebody had told me what was going to happen back when I had a chance of getting out . so I figured I would just explain exactly what’s gunna happen if he keeps fucking with them that’s all & if you have been down the road long enough you would know that is what’s gunna happen . I mean seriously what’s the chances this person that obviously likes the feeling of them is going to only do 30’s once every few months & he would have to somehow find clean 30’s Just a few times a year not a steady supply . How long till he finds somebody that sells him fakes ? Just feel like somebody should give him a heads up of what’s to come .  But I do apologize for being harsh ! It’s the truth though .. 

btw sorry I couldn’t give you any advice on the travel aspect of your question but I would grab subs and use those while your over there if you absolutely have to get high or just take the otc shit you can buy there that’s much much safer then bringing pills without a script & I believe the laws over there are really bad for smuggling so I don’t think I would personally take the risk but if you do end up doing it I wish you best of luck !","much appreciate the follow up.  Was just having fun with the thread, but your advice is heartfelt and well received.  Thank you."
1804,Plugging heroin in capsules?,no you have plug it in water
1805,Plugging heroin in capsules?,Definitely use a oral syringe
1806,Plugging heroin in capsules?,Yeah it really doesn't matter if it is distilled water or normal water. But there should be water.
1807,Morphine pill bioavailability?,Rectal  or swallow
1808,Morphine pill bioavailability?,Save up a few of em then do em . i know oral is pretty worthless so id sniff it personally if i couldn't iv it
1809,Save up a few of em then do em . i know oral is pretty worthless so id sniff it personally if i couldn't iv it,Just cheeked one successfully. I’m gonna try to at least get 3 saved up and boof it when I’m discharged
1810,Morphine pill bioavailability?,Boot that lil guy . 71% availability
1811,Boot that lil guy . 71% availability,"Can’t wait to get discharged so I can, thanks for the bioavailability info"
1812,Morphine pill bioavailability?,"If you go to the subs sidebar they have a BA chart. It says oral=30% IN=25-30%

Just bite it in half and swallow it. It doesn't seem like it's worth the trouble"
1813,Morphine pill bioavailability?,If you have any sort of tolerance 15 mg of morphine wont do shit. MAYBE if you shoot it you'd feel something but oral and internasal morphine are both only 30% BA
1814,If you have any sort of tolerance 15 mg of morphine wont do shit. MAYBE if you shoot it you'd feel something but oral and internasal morphine are both only 30% BA,"I cheeked one, gonna save it till I’m discharged and boof it"
1815,Morphine pill bioavailability?,If u have tolerance u are fucked
1816,If u have tolerance u are fucked,"Why would I be fucked? that’s just one of the narcotics I’m on lmao. I got the morphine cause my tolerance was to high for oxy to manage my pain. I’m on an IV dilaudid pain pump, 25mg IV promethazine, 30mg xr morphine, 15mg ir morphine, and two different benzos. I’d say I’m pretty set"
1817,Morphine pill bioavailability?,They why eve ask for help if ur set?
1818,They why eve ask for help if ur set?,Asking a question and asking for help are two different things. Why even comment on my post? Sounds like you’re the one who’s “fucked” not me lmao
1819,Asking a question and asking for help are two different things. Why even comment on my post? Sounds like you’re the one who’s “fucked” not me lmao,Ur the one In the hospital mate fuck off do everyone a favor and recover cause ur a cunt
1820,Ur the one In the hospital mate fuck off do everyone a favor and recover cause ur a cunt,You are fucked
1821,Ur the one In the hospital mate fuck off do everyone a favor and recover cause ur a cunt,Lmfaooo someone’s big mad
1822,Ur the one In the hospital mate fuck off do everyone a favor and recover cause ur a cunt,"You’re a weirdo man , whatever happened to you that you feel the need to be a dick on some random persons post who also happens to be in the hospital ? Maybe you should stop shooting coke and chill tf out."
1823,"You’re a weirdo man , whatever happened to you that you feel the need to be a dick on some random persons post who also happens to be in the hospital ? Maybe you should stop shooting coke and chill tf out.",I haven't shot coke in more than a month fuck off dickhead
1824,I haven't shot coke in more than a month fuck off dickhead,Congratulations?
1825,I popped 5 op 10s no tolerance what will I feel?,Your about to be off your ass
1826,Your about to be off your ass,I’m starting to feel it. How strong will it get?
1827,I’m starting to feel it. How strong will it get?,you should be nodding soon
1828,you should be nodding soon,Bet I’m really high thanks
1829,Bet I’m really high thanks,"Just be careful that’s a solid dose for a n00bie.

DM me if you’re worried always happy to look after"
1830,"Just be careful that’s a solid dose for a n00bie.

DM me if you’re worried always happy to look after",Just woke up still high af
1831,Just woke up still high af,"woke up fucked up, thought it was a dream"
1832,I popped 5 op 10s no tolerance what will I feel?,You're probably gonna throw up that is way too much for someone with no tolerance why would you take some much?
1833,You're probably gonna throw up that is way too much for someone with no tolerance why would you take some much?,Cuz I love opiates
1834,Cuz I love opiates,Yeah I do too but give it 20 minutes and you're gonna feel like shit. Throwing up and anxious that is way too much for someone with no tolerance.
1835,Yeah I do too but give it 20 minutes and you're gonna feel like shit. Throwing up and anxious that is way too much for someone with no tolerance.,I feel good so far and it’s been 3 hours but there’re ER
1836,I feel good so far and it’s been 3 hours but there’re ER,Oh read that wrong if they're ER that's a different story. You'll be fine. Enjoy.
1837,Oh read that wrong if they're ER that's a different story. You'll be fine. Enjoy.,Ok bet thanks bro
1838,I popped 5 op 10s no tolerance what will I feel?,Lmao give it about 20mins and you are gonna find out! Pretty high dosage for first time tbh
1839,Lmao give it about 20mins and you are gonna find out! Pretty high dosage for first time tbh,Not my first time bro
1840,Not my first time bro,"Oh sorry bro I didnt read the rest of the post man.
My bad your gonna feel pretty daym good.
60mg is my go to amount for a nice relaxing experience"
1841,"Oh sorry bro I didnt read the rest of the post man.
My bad your gonna feel pretty daym good.
60mg is my go to amount for a nice relaxing experience",Alright thanks bro stay safe I’m starting to nod
1842,Alright thanks bro stay safe I’m starting to nod,Enjoy  bro
1843,Enjoy  bro,bro 😎💪
1844,Enjoy  bro,Thanks
1845,I popped 5 op 10s no tolerance what will I feel?,lol u should get fucked up
1846,lol u should get fucked up,I’m pretty high
1847,I popped 5 op 10s no tolerance what will I feel?,Are you still alive ?
1848,Are you still alive ?,I’m still high
1849,Drugs to help with WDs?,[deleted]
1850,[deleted],"Thanks man I'm on my phone so never saw the sidebar cheers. I'm not even mentally addicted, I've just let it get out of hand and I'm gonna end my relationship with the junk before it gets really bad as it's not effected my life in any way as of yet. Yeah I've got lactulose to draw water into my bowel and and some laxatives for the first few days thanks."
1851,"Thanks man I'm on my phone so never saw the sidebar cheers. I'm not even mentally addicted, I've just let it get out of hand and I'm gonna end my relationship with the junk before it gets really bad as it's not effected my life in any way as of yet. Yeah I've got lactulose to draw water into my bowel and and some laxatives for the first few days thanks.","I definitely wouldn’t use lactulose!  I think you are confused somehow. You are going to have very loose to watery bowels during withdrawals. Clonidine would be a very helpful Med if you can get it. 

Good luck!  Get out while the getting is good....or not as awful as it will be down the line anyway!!"
1852,"I definitely wouldn’t use lactulose!  I think you are confused somehow. You are going to have very loose to watery bowels during withdrawals. Clonidine would be a very helpful Med if you can get it. 

Good luck!  Get out while the getting is good....or not as awful as it will be down the line anyway!!","Ah yea ur right that's what I take when using, and in general as all my fibromyalgia medications give me constipation anyway. And thanks man I think it'll this will be a lot easier if I do it now rather than wait even another week. And okay I'll find some anti diarrhoea meds at the pharmacy"
1853,"Ah yea ur right that's what I take when using, and in general as all my fibromyalgia medications give me constipation anyway. And thanks man I think it'll this will be a lot easier if I do it now rather than wait even another week. And okay I'll find some anti diarrhoea meds at the pharmacy","Best wishes!  I am clean but just now finally getting glad to be clean. I have been in the game for over a decade now...it NEVER gets easier, always harder.

Even kind of getting excited about maybe getting back into my profession."
1854,"Best wishes!  I am clean but just now finally getting glad to be clean. I have been in the game for over a decade now...it NEVER gets easier, always harder.

Even kind of getting excited about maybe getting back into my profession.","Awesome man I'm happy for you!! I'm only 22 so my life has hardly started, so I can't let it end before it's even begun!"
1855,"Awesome man I'm happy for you!! I'm only 22 so my life has hardly started, so I can't let it end before it's even begun!",For sure!!  I was almost 30 before I did any drug other than alcohol!  Take the bull by the horns!!!
1856,For sure!!  I was almost 30 before I did any drug other than alcohol!  Take the bull by the horns!!!,Yeah i litteraly just swapped my ketamine addiction for heroin so I think some addiction therapy is definitely needed as I can't stand being sober
1857,For sure!!  I was almost 30 before I did any drug other than alcohol!  Take the bull by the horns!!!,"Let me guess, did you get injured and prescribed opiates?"
1858,"Let me guess, did you get injured and prescribed opiates?","Well I blew my knee out skiing when I was 17 but anytime I took pain meds for actual pain nothing remarkable happened. But actually I was an overworked overwhelmed resident physician with undiagnosed and untreated PTSD and just randomly took hydrocodone one day and it was like the heavens opened. BAM. PTSD cured, I was super mom and super doctor and felt unstoppable.  That’s where it all started. It was my own choice to use those pills. They were about 2 yrs out from my 5th knee surgery.   I thought I was too smart and educated and special to become a junky. Proud junky today. Changed my life for the better after the shit show died down."
1859,"Well I blew my knee out skiing when I was 17 but anytime I took pain meds for actual pain nothing remarkable happened. But actually I was an overworked overwhelmed resident physician with undiagnosed and untreated PTSD and just randomly took hydrocodone one day and it was like the heavens opened. BAM. PTSD cured, I was super mom and super doctor and felt unstoppable.  That’s where it all started. It was my own choice to use those pills. They were about 2 yrs out from my 5th knee surgery.   I thought I was too smart and educated and special to become a junky. Proud junky today. Changed my life for the better after the shit show died down.",Dr House over here ^^ haha my aunt blew out her knee skiing a few years ago in her 40s (also a top cardiologist in the UK funnily enough) and yeah it's incredibly painful I don't blame you one jot for turning to the pills.
1860,Dr House over here ^^ haha my aunt blew out her knee skiing a few years ago in her 40s (also a top cardiologist in the UK funnily enough) and yeah it's incredibly painful I don't blame you one jot for turning to the pills.,Ha ha!  I am lot nicer and cuter than House at least!!!  ;)
1861,Ha ha!  I am lot nicer and cuter than House at least!!!  ;),Lol that's not much of a claim
1862,Lol that's not much of a claim,Touché
1863,"I definitely wouldn’t use lactulose!  I think you are confused somehow. You are going to have very loose to watery bowels during withdrawals. Clonidine would be a very helpful Med if you can get it. 

Good luck!  Get out while the getting is good....or not as awful as it will be down the line anyway!!",Can I recommend anything diet wise?
1864,Can I recommend anything diet wise?,Uh...are you calling my fat??!
1865,Uh...are you calling my fat??!,"Lol nah just some easy to eat foods that aren't to spike my blood sugar and stuff, also should I eat more or less salt to keep my electrolytes up?"
1866,"Lol nah just some easy to eat foods that aren't to spike my blood sugar and stuff, also should I eat more or less salt to keep my electrolytes up?",I would not worry about you salt intake. Hydration is key. I have been known to loose up to 15 pounds during withdrawal from dehydration and lack of nutrition. I didn’t have any lbs to loose. So hydrate with electrolyte dense drinks like Gatorade or pedialyte and eat foods that will nourish your body but are easy to prepare and palatable bc what sounds good now might not sound good later.
1867,I would not worry about you salt intake. Hydration is key. I have been known to loose up to 15 pounds during withdrawal from dehydration and lack of nutrition. I didn’t have any lbs to loose. So hydrate with electrolyte dense drinks like Gatorade or pedialyte and eat foods that will nourish your body but are easy to prepare and palatable bc what sounds good now might not sound good later.,"I have nasty food disorders as is so yeah I'll ntry and write down a menu of sorts. Luckily im 6""1 and weight like 190lbs and I'm young and in good shape (like I mentioned I only very recently become a heroin addict) so it's not effected my body much but I have had two infection's within a short amount of time so that's been noticeable"
1868,"Lol nah just some easy to eat foods that aren't to spike my blood sugar and stuff, also should I eat more or less salt to keep my electrolytes up?","There's a guy who says he came off methadone without really trying. He also has Hep C, so his dietary protocol is advised by the fact that he needed to keep his LDL levels as high as he could possibly have them (necessitating a high saturated fat, high fat, ultra-low-carbohydrate diet, which is a dietary protocol that will not spike your blood sugar up) to prevent the virus from being able to replicate as efficiently. I'm not sure what sort of stock you should put in his advice. http://hopefulgeranium.blogspot.com/2012/09/how-to-come-off-methadone-without.html

For what it's worth, withdrawal is quite possibly the worst time to be attempting to start a ketogenic diet because you will egress salt faster than you can ingress it. I would prepare some bouillon and add salt to taste (taste it without, first) for electrolytes"
1869,Drugs to help with WDs?,Can you get a couple days worth of methadone?
1870,Can you get a couple days worth of methadone?,Nah nothing I can't get from the dark net markets sent to the UK. Also I spent my last £25n($30ish) on Kratom from Poland which could take ages to come.
1871,Drugs to help with WDs?,benzos and gabapentin
1872,benzos and gabapentin,"Yeah lyrica is pregabalin which is a newer, stronger ganapentin. My only issue is  have it on prescription because I have fibromyalgia so I have tolerance from years of prescribed use, my pain which has gotten worsen latley is why I got into heroin so quickly because it's so nice not to have my whole body muscles and joints on fire. Also why withdrawal pain is even worse for me!"
1873,"Yeah lyrica is pregabalin which is a newer, stronger ganapentin. My only issue is  have it on prescription because I have fibromyalgia so I have tolerance from years of prescribed use, my pain which has gotten worsen latley is why I got into heroin so quickly because it's so nice not to have my whole body muscles and joints on fire. Also why withdrawal pain is even worse for me!","Same here. Gaba for fibromyalgia.  Withdrawal hits me harder than anyone I know. Its the throwing up that is the worst for me. There is nothing I can take once I start throwing up, about 24 hours after my last dose. So far ive only made it though 3 days of throwing up non-stop. If you don't throw up, it wont be that bad."
1874,"Same here. Gaba for fibromyalgia.  Withdrawal hits me harder than anyone I know. Its the throwing up that is the worst for me. There is nothing I can take once I start throwing up, about 24 hours after my last dose. So far ive only made it though 3 days of throwing up non-stop. If you don't throw up, it wont be that bad.","I'm good for like 36 hours after my last dose because i usually sleep for 16 hours when I've ran out and when I wake up, then WDs begin. I wish I would flush this gram it's arriving tomorrow but I spent £50 on it so my brain won't let men"
1875,"Same here. Gaba for fibromyalgia.  Withdrawal hits me harder than anyone I know. Its the throwing up that is the worst for me. There is nothing I can take once I start throwing up, about 24 hours after my last dose. So far ive only made it though 3 days of throwing up non-stop. If you don't throw up, it wont be that bad.","Oh man I have bulimia haha FML , yeah everythings worse with fibromyalgia, I had to quit drinking alcohol recently cuz of the pain I get with hangovers now too"
1876,Drugs to help with WDs?,Get some tonic water.. it really helps the rls a lot..
1877,Get some tonic water.. it really helps the rls a lot..,Really?? Okay sweet thanks for the advice
1878,Really?? Okay sweet thanks for the advice,Seriously it really helps
1879,Seriously it really helps,"Great, I'll keep it in mind"
1880,Drugs to help with WDs?,"I am undergoing oxycontin withdrawals atm. I used ALOT of ketamine and lsd for the first 3 days. Ketamine really did a wonder, its still not easy but it helps alot. Benzos does help too, just try not to get depended i mean its rough as fuck getting true opiate wds but you can do it fam. takes 2 weeks off and youre gonna feel amazing"
1881,"I am undergoing oxycontin withdrawals atm. I used ALOT of ketamine and lsd for the first 3 days. Ketamine really did a wonder, its still not easy but it helps alot. Benzos does help too, just try not to get depended i mean its rough as fuck getting true opiate wds but you can do it fam. takes 2 weeks off and youre gonna feel amazing",Thanks man I'm up for the challengenn
1882,Thanks man I'm up for the challengenn,"We are here to support you friend. Just try keep ur mind on something, hot showers and try get outside and have a walk everyday. Ketamine Helps alot kinda anti depressive aswell. On day 4 or 5 now still going strong✌️. 
Loss of appetite dont worry too Much about it aslong you drink alot of water thats very important then it wont get dangerous just gonna fell terrible for awhile flu symptoms etc."
1883,"We are here to support you friend. Just try keep ur mind on something, hot showers and try get outside and have a walk everyday. Ketamine Helps alot kinda anti depressive aswell. On day 4 or 5 now still going strong✌️. 
Loss of appetite dont worry too Much about it aslong you drink alot of water thats very important then it wont get dangerous just gonna fell terrible for awhile flu symptoms etc.","Yeah I'll be fine thanks I've gone thru withdrawal before and seen it out to the end m, this time will be worse than ever tho considering my physical dependence. Anyway I've got lyrica, benzos, hopefully kratom and ketamine too. Thing is I also have a tolerance to all of these things too haha, not done ket in months but that's a permanent tolerance somehow,got some flunitrazolam blotter tabs, supposedly they work faster and I've got 23g needles for IM ketamine cuz my sinuses are a mess and sniffing hurts too much. A combination nofnall of the above should have me feeling no withdrawal symptoms I don't think. Will have to give you an update once I run out of brown for the last time!"
1884,"Yeah I'll be fine thanks I've gone thru withdrawal before and seen it out to the end m, this time will be worse than ever tho considering my physical dependence. Anyway I've got lyrica, benzos, hopefully kratom and ketamine too. Thing is I also have a tolerance to all of these things too haha, not done ket in months but that's a permanent tolerance somehow,got some flunitrazolam blotter tabs, supposedly they work faster and I've got 23g needles for IM ketamine cuz my sinuses are a mess and sniffing hurts too much. A combination nofnall of the above should have me feeling no withdrawal symptoms I don't think. Will have to give you an update once I run out of brown for the last time!",You should be good fam. Goodluck
1885,You should be good fam. Goodluck,Tyvm
1886,Hydromorphone just makes me sleepy?,"Yes,  very low oral ba. It's basically pointless to eat it"
1887,"Yes,  very low oral ba. It's basically pointless to eat it",But I have no tolerance
1888,But I have no tolerance,"Doesn't matter, it's rather notorious for having little recreational value when taken orally"
1889,Can you get cotton fever from cigarette filters?,CCool said it best.
1890,CCool said it best.,Except that they’re wrong. Synthetic fibers harbor bacteria just as well as cotton.
1891,Except that they’re wrong. Synthetic fibers harbor bacteria just as well as cotton.,"You’re right- I misinterpreted the question, I edited my post to clarify"
1892,Can you get cotton fever from cigarette filters?,"No but there are other issues with cigarette filters.

Edit: To clarify yes I mean you can still get cotton fever- however the bacteria growing on a dry cigarette filter is just as bad as a dry cotton (low chance of infection) ; The chances of infection are the same but cigarette filters pose other threats"
1893,"No but there are other issues with cigarette filters.

Edit: To clarify yes I mean you can still get cotton fever- however the bacteria growing on a dry cigarette filter is just as bad as a dry cotton (low chance of infection) ; The chances of infection are the same but cigarette filters pose other threats",For instance
1894,For instance,"You could check the harm reduction resources on the sidebar

“Cigarette filters are not safe to use since they contain tiny pieces of glass, and, if from a cigarette that has already been smoked, substances from the smoke that can be harmful if injected.“"
1895,"No but there are other issues with cigarette filters.

Edit: To clarify yes I mean you can still get cotton fever- however the bacteria growing on a dry cigarette filter is just as bad as a dry cotton (low chance of infection) ; The chances of infection are the same but cigarette filters pose other threats","You can get cotton fever from anything, does not have to be actual cotton. It’s your body have an extreme immune response to large amounts of bacteria:nastiness. It certainly does grow on synthetic fibers."
1896,"You can get cotton fever from anything, does not have to be actual cotton. It’s your body have an extreme immune response to large amounts of bacteria:nastiness. It certainly does grow on synthetic fibers.","Cotton fever refers to a fever that follows intravenous drug use where cotton is used to filter, nothing else. It’s literally the only reason why it’s differentiated than regular fever or sepsis. 

Yes it does grow on synthetic fibers but chances of catching it from a dry cigarette filter are the same as dry cotton, which was really the question he meant."
1897,"Cotton fever refers to a fever that follows intravenous drug use where cotton is used to filter, nothing else. It’s literally the only reason why it’s differentiated than regular fever or sepsis. 

Yes it does grow on synthetic fibers but chances of catching it from a dry cigarette filter are the same as dry cotton, which was really the question he meant.","Getting a tad pedantic, eh? I'd be willing to bet that most addicts I've encountered, both in person and online, don't use the term in such a narrow fashion, regardless of how the term actually originated."
1898,"Getting a tad pedantic, eh? I'd be willing to bet that most addicts I've encountered, both in person and online, don't use the term in such a narrow fashion, regardless of how the term actually originated.",I mean no? I’ve only ever heard the term used to mean what it really means. I disagree and am willing to bet most addicts are able to use correct terminology and naturally possess a broader understanding of harm reduction terms. If they want a more general term than there are more general terms for IV infections- Cotton fever is specific and should be specific so people can be knowledgeable about harm reduction practices.
1899,Can you get cotton fever from cigarette filters?,"Cotton fever is caused from bacteria growing on the moist cotton and then you inject the bacteria directly into your bloodstream.  The filter material doesn't matter, it could be cotton,wool, paper towel, cig filter, sponge. If you leave it wet for hours or put it in an air tight container/bag before its dry then bacteria can grow"
1900,What kind of reagent is best for Fentanyl?,"I think there is testing kits that u can put a little piece of the pill, I’ll try to see if I can find and link. Even tho you will lose a little of ure product it’s better than an od"
1901,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,I choose heroin for $500
1902,I choose heroin for $500,"This.  If it’s some straight dog food, ain’t no comparison."
1903,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,"Heroin is still expensive, but 3-4x less the price of pills. Imagine getting a gram of pure oxy powder. Shit would be like 1k."
1904,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,"Of course the insufflated drug acted faster, but that aside, it's difficult to compare your dope of an unknown purity vs. pharma grade oxy.

I generally found oxy more stimulating, myself, but with my tolerance, I'd never be able to support an oxy habit, assuming I could even source enough these days. Hell, H was *still* the much cheaper option, even years ago."
1905,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,"Depending where heroin comes from, ie if it's from turkey defo h otherwise oxy from France in blisters and 120 mg per tablet and instant release"
1906,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,Heroin all day
1907,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,"I used to prefer oxy because it was ""cleaner"" and I could gauge how much I was dosing easier; I don't even use opis that much I smoke weed but it's a nice extra to mix and now I just go with what's the best price. I had £20 left over on friday after buying an ounce of loud so ordered half gram of heron and I just do key bumps until I feel stupidly euphoric probably around 60mg."
1908,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,"I like your post because it is very accurate and you answer your own question. I used to get mad when I'd hear people call oxy ""synthetic heroin"", well technically they are both semi-synthetic opioids, but there is ignorance in that statement.... wait maybe not so much, because I get what they really meant now. There truly isn't much difference between oxy, opana, dilaudid, morphine, even hydrocodone, and heroin. Subtle differences yes but essentially they are all in the big leagues, the same animal, same euphoria and effects (and addiction and withdrawal) all on an equal enough level.

To answer your question though I would take real H over oxy, if I get oxy instead though I won't even grumble, as a matter of fact I'll have just as big a smile on my face."
1909,Oxycodone vs heroin... What's your choice?,OXYYYY. Heroin is just a seriously hard drug i dont want anything to do with
1910,OXYYYY. Heroin is just a seriously hard drug i dont want anything to do with,"Well, oxy too XD. I think heroin is very stigmatized because of the movies and the media but pure heroin and pure oxycodone pharmacologically speaking are not very different..."
1911,"Well, oxy too XD. I think heroin is very stigmatized because of the movies and the media but pure heroin and pure oxycodone pharmacologically speaking are not very different...",damn. now i want some heroin
1912,damn. now i want some heroin,LOL hahaha but you are not sure what shit they have put in the dope... that’s the problem😢
1913,LOL hahaha but you are not sure what shit they have put in the dope... that’s the problem😢,Nowadays you don't even know what they put in your oxys
1914,OXYYYY. Heroin is just a seriously hard drug i dont want anything to do with,"heroin is no harder than oxy imo. Like the other user said, more stigmatized"
1915,OXYYYY. Heroin is just a seriously hard drug i dont want anything to do with,Is that a joke?
1916,Is that a joke?,yes
1917,Ghb or 1.4 bdo as comfort med opi wd?,"I think its bad because its so easy to slip into a basically catatonic state for a few hours if you overdo the G, which you very well may do trying to ease the wd symptoms. If you start puking in a g coma, thats lights out man"
1918,Ghb or 1.4 bdo as comfort med opi wd?,Sounds like a genius idea.
1919,Sounds like a genius idea.,Lol foreal or sarcasm ?
1920,Ghb or 1.4 bdo as comfort med opi wd?,"I’ve tried 1.4 bdo and went through like 1.25 liters of it. I used it when coming off and it helped to make me knock out to get some sleep but it wears off in like 3 hours so I would be back up and rinse wash repeat. 

It reminds me of Benedryl How sometimes it can be helpful and ‘pleasant’ and sometimes very negative feeling."
1921,Gonna go cold turkey could I use ketamine to make craving milder?,I used meth was so high for 8 days I didn't realize I stopped using heroin
1922,Gonna go cold turkey could I use ketamine to make craving milder?,"Yes i am currently undergoing oxycontin withdrawals. I used ketamine, alot.. the past days it lessens some symptoms but it wont ever get easy you will still fell terrible for awhile."
1923,"Yes i am currently undergoing oxycontin withdrawals. I used ketamine, alot.. the past days it lessens some symptoms but it wont ever get easy you will still fell terrible for awhile.",Thanks I hope it’ll help ! Good luck bro we can do this
1924,Thanks I hope it’ll help ! Good luck bro we can do this,"Sure can, just try get a hoppy or some.. i used lsd the first 2 days and a whole lot of ketamine I am on Like day 3-4 idk.. days just go bye"
1925,"Sure can, just try get a hoppy or some.. i used lsd the first 2 days and a whole lot of ketamine I am on Like day 3-4 idk.. days just go bye",How’d you feel at day 3
1926,How’d you feel at day 3,Like hell.. this is not an easy road... n got roxy very easy available:/
1927,Like hell.. this is not an easy road... n got roxy very easy available:/,"Yeah good luck mate, already this far in might as well keep goin."
1928,Gonna go cold turkey could I use ketamine to make craving milder?,Oh lord please do not use imodium in high doses your body will thank you just stick to kratom
1929,Oh lord please do not use imodium in high doses your body will thank you just stick to kratom,I wasn’t going to take huge doses but it doesn’t matter I relapsed...
1930,Banging Dilaudid for years?,Advise what?
1931,Advise what?,Lol exactly. We need a little more detail here OP
1932,Lol exactly. We need a little more detail here OP,What kinda internal health peril I might be facing
1933,What kinda internal health peril I might be facing,Google can quickly tell you. But I would imagine that injecting anything for years and continuing to do so is probably contributing to your earlier than needs to be death
1934,Banging Dilaudid for years?,"As your attorney, I advise you to take a hit out of the little brown flask in my shaving kit."
1935,"As your attorney, I advise you to take a hit out of the little brown flask in my shaving kit.","is it acid? 

or ether?"
1936,Banging Dilaudid for years?,Yes i advise
1937,Yes i advise,"lol

niceee."
1938,Banging Dilaudid for years?,"Any daytime advisors ? I'm wondering what kind of internal health situation I may be facing. 
Best of wellness to yall"
1939,"Any daytime advisors ? I'm wondering what kind of internal health situation I may be facing. 
Best of wellness to yall","Do you use a micron filter for those pills? If not, shooting inadequately filtered pills will fuck up the entirety of the cardiorespiratory systems over time. Proper filtration and you are just looking at a typical opiate addiction with a product that makes every other motherfucker jealous.

If you got that glorious shit I hope you were smart enough to filter properly lol."
1940,"Do you use a micron filter for those pills? If not, shooting inadequately filtered pills will fuck up the entirety of the cardiorespiratory systems over time. Proper filtration and you are just looking at a typical opiate addiction with a product that makes every other motherfucker jealous.

If you got that glorious shit I hope you were smart enough to filter properly lol.","Thanks for your reply

haha cool name Solubilityisfun , I have used a micron filter for a small fraction of my use, I was using them for a while and then stopped, just got back on it but mainly i would raw dog it with one stericup packet with the filter that public health distributes.. it's like an eraser but a cotton. I use one usually, there's been times when I've used two but it didnt really look like it was doing anything more and I figured since it's the same size pores, so to speak, what more is it gonna grab? When I was in SF and I was using their harm-reduction, they give these little cotton buds that are like hand rolled or something and theyre tiny and not great for filtering dills. 

I have seen the reports somewhere before but Im wondering what is water soluble in that formula? is microcrystalline cellulose ? 

I know they give it out as a form of heroin maintenance programs here in Canada, for injection, and I understand people used to 'cold shake them'

&#x200B;

anyway thanks for the discourse,

All the best opifam"
1941,"Thanks for your reply

haha cool name Solubilityisfun , I have used a micron filter for a small fraction of my use, I was using them for a while and then stopped, just got back on it but mainly i would raw dog it with one stericup packet with the filter that public health distributes.. it's like an eraser but a cotton. I use one usually, there's been times when I've used two but it didnt really look like it was doing anything more and I figured since it's the same size pores, so to speak, what more is it gonna grab? When I was in SF and I was using their harm-reduction, they give these little cotton buds that are like hand rolled or something and theyre tiny and not great for filtering dills. 

I have seen the reports somewhere before but Im wondering what is water soluble in that formula? is microcrystalline cellulose ? 

I know they give it out as a form of heroin maintenance programs here in Canada, for injection, and I understand people used to 'cold shake them'

&#x200B;

anyway thanks for the discourse,

All the best opifam","I'm not up to date on their composition since reformulation. For the most part the biggest concern are particles under 50 microns in size as cigarette filters and cotton is essentially worthless for them. They will build up in your bloodstream (can't dissolve, but get injected and caught in small vessels), and especially places you really don't want them like vessels in your lungs. Yeah, it's fucking weird, but snorting and injecting pills will actually fuck up lungs pretty well over time. With years of it on you, I would really strongly advise doing all you can to stop further damage. It will cost you in yield and filters, not huge, but let's face it most opiate addicts aren't big on waste eh?

There is some additive common in pills that rides the line between soluble and insoluble in water, and idiots that cook their shots manage to push it over the edge into soluble territory, where it promptly precipitates in one's bloodstream. I am drawing a blank right now, but cold shots are highly important with pills especially.

Here is an excellent article explaining exactly how effective common filters are and what loss you can expect with them. It's based on MSContin, but will still apply for your situation. Biggest difference is likely to be whatever the current outer coating is, which I am not up to date on. Sorry. Strongly recommend reading the first few paragraphs at least, along with any sections on filtering methods you are willing to consider.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2803777/

Ideally you would crush your pill(s) and cold water extract that, leave the solids. Then cotton/cig filter or equivalent, then wheel filter/micron filter. If you rinse a time or two you are looking at 80-90% yield of the good stuff with virtually no particulate, insoluble or semi soluble.

The cotton/cig filter before micron filter can be skipped and exists more to prevent clogging and thus accidental or frustrated bypassing/other loss.

Those little filters you are talking about, I assume I have had them before from an exchange. They are roughly equivalent to a cig filter in filtering ability but without added risks.

If you were a powder/tar user I wouldn't be stressing this nearly as much. Not if you just occasionally injected pills. Hope you look into this. That literature is useful, I promise. If you want to avoid nasty health complications 5+ years down the road the costs of playing it safe now have to be paid.


Microcrystalline cellulose isn't water soluble technically. In a basic/caustic and hot solution it does edge into soluble territory. Shouldn't be a significant issue, but with basic enough water in a boiled shot a small amount (small) is going to dissolve and crash out in the blood."
1942,"I'm not up to date on their composition since reformulation. For the most part the biggest concern are particles under 50 microns in size as cigarette filters and cotton is essentially worthless for them. They will build up in your bloodstream (can't dissolve, but get injected and caught in small vessels), and especially places you really don't want them like vessels in your lungs. Yeah, it's fucking weird, but snorting and injecting pills will actually fuck up lungs pretty well over time. With years of it on you, I would really strongly advise doing all you can to stop further damage. It will cost you in yield and filters, not huge, but let's face it most opiate addicts aren't big on waste eh?

There is some additive common in pills that rides the line between soluble and insoluble in water, and idiots that cook their shots manage to push it over the edge into soluble territory, where it promptly precipitates in one's bloodstream. I am drawing a blank right now, but cold shots are highly important with pills especially.

Here is an excellent article explaining exactly how effective common filters are and what loss you can expect with them. It's based on MSContin, but will still apply for your situation. Biggest difference is likely to be whatever the current outer coating is, which I am not up to date on. Sorry. Strongly recommend reading the first few paragraphs at least, along with any sections on filtering methods you are willing to consider.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2803777/

Ideally you would crush your pill(s) and cold water extract that, leave the solids. Then cotton/cig filter or equivalent, then wheel filter/micron filter. If you rinse a time or two you are looking at 80-90% yield of the good stuff with virtually no particulate, insoluble or semi soluble.

The cotton/cig filter before micron filter can be skipped and exists more to prevent clogging and thus accidental or frustrated bypassing/other loss.

Those little filters you are talking about, I assume I have had them before from an exchange. They are roughly equivalent to a cig filter in filtering ability but without added risks.

If you were a powder/tar user I wouldn't be stressing this nearly as much. Not if you just occasionally injected pills. Hope you look into this. That literature is useful, I promise. If you want to avoid nasty health complications 5+ years down the road the costs of playing it safe now have to be paid.


Microcrystalline cellulose isn't water soluble technically. In a basic/caustic and hot solution it does edge into soluble territory. Shouldn't be a significant issue, but with basic enough water in a boiled shot a small amount (small) is going to dissolve and crash out in the blood.","This is awesome. Thank you so much for your detailed response fellow bropiate, this community, as deranged as we are, is here for each other. Now I guess the question is a matter of what can be done to assist the body in repairing any vascular damage incurred. 

Much Love"
1943,"This is awesome. Thank you so much for your detailed response fellow bropiate, this community, as deranged as we are, is here for each other. Now I guess the question is a matter of what can be done to assist the body in repairing any vascular damage incurred. 

Much Love","No problem friend. Not much to do when it comes to vascular damage unfortunately. That plaque build up will be in part from naturally occurring stuff like ""bad"" cholesterol and whatnot, but be compounded with those particulates introduced. It hardens veinous tissue and kills elasticity. It creates blockages. The best thing you can do is limit further damage, and as odd as it is, mind your diet when it comes to cardiovascular health. If you get on top of it now hopefully it never results in some unfortunate bullshit like pulmanary embolism, stroke, or other nasty event. Not saying it will happen if you don't. Just that the odds really swing in the wrong direction.

I can't believe I am telling someone to mind their diet for cardiovascular health. I do a shit job on that myself. 

Thanks for caring about harm reduction. Been clean almost 3 years and just want to encourage spreading a little knowledge. No reason to be killing ourselves where it can be avoided."
1944,"No problem friend. Not much to do when it comes to vascular damage unfortunately. That plaque build up will be in part from naturally occurring stuff like ""bad"" cholesterol and whatnot, but be compounded with those particulates introduced. It hardens veinous tissue and kills elasticity. It creates blockages. The best thing you can do is limit further damage, and as odd as it is, mind your diet when it comes to cardiovascular health. If you get on top of it now hopefully it never results in some unfortunate bullshit like pulmanary embolism, stroke, or other nasty event. Not saying it will happen if you don't. Just that the odds really swing in the wrong direction.

I can't believe I am telling someone to mind their diet for cardiovascular health. I do a shit job on that myself. 

Thanks for caring about harm reduction. Been clean almost 3 years and just want to encourage spreading a little knowledge. No reason to be killing ourselves where it can be avoided.","Right on, on an somewhat related note..

Do you think I can sterilize used PTFE .22ug wheel filters i used earlier this week with isopropyl alcohol?? to use again? they are autoclavable but i have no idea where to access an autoclave.. 

Also Id like to sterilize an oral syringe that i used to draw up my shot and push it thru the filter.. does anyone think iso do the trick for me??

&#x200B;

Cheers"
1945,"Right on, on an somewhat related note..

Do you think I can sterilize used PTFE .22ug wheel filters i used earlier this week with isopropyl alcohol?? to use again? they are autoclavable but i have no idea where to access an autoclave.. 

Also Id like to sterilize an oral syringe that i used to draw up my shot and push it thru the filter.. does anyone think iso do the trick for me??

&#x200B;

Cheers","Autoclaves... Only way I imagine one gets access to one of those easily is being in good with an OR nurse or tech. Anyone who sterilizes medical equivalent on a regular basis. Maybe a surgical vet place if you know someone. I'm not sure where else to look. You can definitely buy one, but not exactly cheap. Amazon and especially Alibaba have them. Possibly eBay. Probably 500 entry though.

Ovens get hot enough on cleaning cycle, 800+, to near instantly sterilize technically. With a convection fan system it would *probably* work in a second or two. That involves breaking the locking mechanism and is a fire risk (so you can open during it). Might have done that to turn an oven into a pizza oven... Not sure if the plastic will appreciate more than a flash or two either. Also not a moist heat. It would work, but it's sketchy for not health related reasons and if you are renting there will be displeasure.

Those filters are still going to clog eventually. Not nearly as fast with 2 stage filtering, but how many uses if you sterilize I just don't know. You can disinfect, not truly sterilize, with isopropyl or boiling water. The issues with isopropyl, and more so boiling water, is the rapid regrowth of bacteria. Say you kill 1,000,000,000 out of 1,000,000,002 bacteria with isopropyl. Given a 24 hour period you are back to thousands of bacteria. Used as soon as it is fully dry, the probability you are going to be fine is good, just not 100% ya know? Even enough dead bacteria can become an issue over time too, granted it takes a lot. A not great example, but it gives the picture, say you lost a Tupperware of food in the fridge for a few months. It's gross, bacteria have colonized it thoroughly. You throw it in an oven and take it up to the 600F range. Ignore that some is burned. The inside is sterile, but it's still gross and may likely make you sick. You won't get salmonella or whatever it was poisoning, but those toxic byproducts in their corpses are still there.

Point is that non live bacteria isn't entirely washing off in a iso bath when it can hide in filter pores. An oral syringe? Fine for many washes, but those tiny pores less so. 

An autoclave is just pressurized steam, so maybe a pressure cooker rigged up with some creativity is doable. Probably would take distilled water and a stainless steel rack, but if you can keep the plastic from melting it would do the same thing. Distilled because while other water will become safe through use in the process, it does have minerals etc that may build up on that filter quick due to surface are and clog and harden it. Fast enough to matter? No idea. 

Really spitballing there. I never reused them, but I had them in bulk cheap. I know some have to drop 2-3 bucks a pop which is not great. I would rig a pressure cooker into an autoclave, but only after testing how many times you can get before one clogs or tears. Is it worth the effort?

The syringe should be fine with an iso wash, but clean it after use, and then again hit it with iso before use ideally. It's not technically staying sterilized unless you can close off it's eviroment after by vacuum sealing. In theory anyway. Not sure how many would actually bother with that, but iso is near free and evaporates quick. It's how I handled my tar drip syringe when I went intranasal over IV.

Not super helpful, but maybe you can get an extra use or two out of those filters. Regardless if you find a way to sterilize I don't think they should be reused too many times. They are eventually going to clog or rip on a microscopic level I imagine. I don't have any idea where to draw that line and no literature. If you make it safe from biological hazards it is still better than no micron filter as long as it doesn't break mid use.

Sorry for the ramble, I just don't have much literature I can access on this. Bluelight is the place to try for someone who does. They had an opiate, IV, and pill subforums and some PHD packing regulars back in the day at least with dozens of threads on proper technique. Just can't recall much on reuse of micron filters."
1946,Banging Dilaudid for years?,"Thanks yall , some insightful answers here. 

Im experiencing internal discomfort in my stomach/upper left abdomen  for quite a few months now, making me fret, which makes me also use..

that rush tho........:::::::::::::::::..................

it's trouble when youve got your finger on the button."
1947,Banging Dilaudid for years?,I would advise you to give them all to me to properly dispose of them
1948,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,r they noticeable? Like has anyone on this forum been caught up from it. Idk I didn’t think it was gonna be noticeable like red eyes from weed are.
1949,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,"Sunglasses,  when I get big pupils I feel like an anime girl"
1950,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,"I’ve never had anyone outside of the medical field or law enforcement even notice, if someone says something usually I say I have a migraine and that will satisfy their curiosity. You should be just fine."
1951,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,The problem is when you withdrawl from them and your pupils are massive then everyone thinks your on drugs when really your off them for first time in while
1952,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,I’d say between 5-8 hours for me.
1953,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,"I don't thi k people will notice, especially during the day and when there's no suspicion.
I've had a week long oxy binge and neither my girlfriend nor her parents realised I was high all the time.
don't drive on oxy though, I had a small crash that could've ended a lot worse"
1954,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,"Most people associate mydriasis with drug use instead of miosis.

You’ll probably be fine"
1955,"Most people associate mydriasis with drug use instead of miosis.

You’ll probably be fine",Right.. You're more likely to get strange looks and concerned questions if you had MDMA eyes 😂
1956,How long do small pupils stay after taking oxy?,Probably like 6 hours they'll be smaller. But for me it takes awhile to get normal. Also depends on dose and i assume tolerance
1957,How many of you enjoy the itching when snorting oxys? I know it means it’s working but besides that I kind of enjoy it in a very weird way my face and back gets very itchy. And does anyone know the scientific reason for the itching ?,It’s basically that opioids make your body release histamine
1958,How many of you enjoy the itching when snorting oxys? I know it means it’s working but besides that I kind of enjoy it in a very weird way my face and back gets very itchy. And does anyone know the scientific reason for the itching ?,I love when I get itchy and just roll around in my bed and scratch. And go mmmmm
1959,I love when I get itchy and just roll around in my bed and scratch. And go mmmmm,Haha that’s exactly what I’m doing while watching friends on Netflix got me an Arizona iced tea and a strawberry ice cream . It’s 2am and I’m having a blast
1960,How many of you enjoy the itching when snorting oxys? I know it means it’s working but besides that I kind of enjoy it in a very weird way my face and back gets very itchy. And does anyone know the scientific reason for the itching ?,"It's actually a slight allergic reaction. It's, in a very minute way, your body rejecting it. Kinda like why you get hungry when you get stoned."
1961,How many of you enjoy the itching when snorting oxys? I know it means it’s working but besides that I kind of enjoy it in a very weird way my face and back gets very itchy. And does anyone know the scientific reason for the itching ?,I prefer Oxy orally bc of the higher bioavailability that way
1962,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"Hey man.  I ivd drugs for ten years and collapsed a lot of veins.

The biggest iv issue I had was nerve entrapment issues in both of my forearms.  I thought it was tendonitis for a while and saw a few doctors before I figured out what it actually was.  Anyways I live in constant pain and limited mobility because of this shit even though I have and continue to try extremely hard to fix it.

There's a lot of unforseen  bullshit that comes from addiction..."
1963,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"That's a great question really. I'm not a shooter, but I read about bad veins all the time on this sub. I'd like to learn about this as well.  Hopefully someone comments with some info."
1964,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"Over time circulation problems develop, so if you look at people who have been injecting into their arms for many years, you will see that their hands get swollen and discoloured, especially in cold weather. (And this remains true even if they swapped to eg groin injecting or abstinence many years ago.) 

Because of the poor venous circulation, the skin below the level of the injection sites will always be prone to breakdown and in the event of injury, even small injuries, healing time will be greatly delayed (compare poorly controlled diabetics).

But I don't think it's nearly such a big deal with arms/hands as it is with legs/feet, where the complications are much more serious."
1965,"Over time circulation problems develop, so if you look at people who have been injecting into their arms for many years, you will see that their hands get swollen and discoloured, especially in cold weather. (And this remains true even if they swapped to eg groin injecting or abstinence many years ago.) 

Because of the poor venous circulation, the skin below the level of the injection sites will always be prone to breakdown and in the event of injury, even small injuries, healing time will be greatly delayed (compare poorly controlled diabetics).

But I don't think it's nearly such a big deal with arms/hands as it is with legs/feet, where the complications are much more serious.","This comment is pretty much exactly what I was going to say..   i've had veins heal but its also because i stopped IVing.  OP the reason legs/feet are more dangerous is because its harder for your heart to circulate those areas making them more prone to infection as well.    Bottom line is: theres no safe way to constantly poke holes in your veins, you can only minimize damage."
1966,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"I've been IVing suboxone twice daily for close to 3 years, have collapsed every usable vein in my arms including the ones in my armpits. I have veins on my arm that have been completely dead for years. These are veins thats used to be huge, now they are like string and rock hard, totally useless. They don't grow back once they're fucked to a certain level, but they dont really cause any problems either. You would think that collapsing 50+ veins in your arms and hands would fuck you up, or make your circulation bad, but my arms feel normal. But practice good shooting habits and you can go for years without ever losing veins."
1967,"I've been IVing suboxone twice daily for close to 3 years, have collapsed every usable vein in my arms including the ones in my armpits. I have veins on my arm that have been completely dead for years. These are veins thats used to be huge, now they are like string and rock hard, totally useless. They don't grow back once they're fucked to a certain level, but they dont really cause any problems either. You would think that collapsing 50+ veins in your arms and hands would fuck you up, or make your circulation bad, but my arms feel normal. But practice good shooting habits and you can go for years without ever losing veins.","Reading your comment gave me chills. I shit suboxone for around a year, not steadily, just when I didn’t have my DOC, occasionally. I’m not even 100% sure WHY I shot it. I never found it to work better/stronger/faster than sublingually... I think my mind tricked itself into thinking it would be like IV subutex. Never was, spoiler alert. And EVERY SINGLE TIME I did it, I panicked, thinking it would coagulate or harden in my vein and I’d have serious problems. Didn’t happen, spoiler alert. But I still cringe when I think back to those panicked moments. I’m 2.5 years on methadone now. Decreased to 49 from 75, 2mg every two weeks. I chose methadone over suboxone because I knew despite all of the aforementioned, I’d be tempted to IV it again if I had it. Anyway. Good luck in your recovery journey/life journey, friend! Sorry for the novel!"
1968,"Reading your comment gave me chills. I shit suboxone for around a year, not steadily, just when I didn’t have my DOC, occasionally. I’m not even 100% sure WHY I shot it. I never found it to work better/stronger/faster than sublingually... I think my mind tricked itself into thinking it would be like IV subutex. Never was, spoiler alert. And EVERY SINGLE TIME I did it, I panicked, thinking it would coagulate or harden in my vein and I’d have serious problems. Didn’t happen, spoiler alert. But I still cringe when I think back to those panicked moments. I’m 2.5 years on methadone now. Decreased to 49 from 75, 2mg every two weeks. I chose methadone over suboxone because I knew despite all of the aforementioned, I’d be tempted to IV it again if I had it. Anyway. Good luck in your recovery journey/life journey, friend! Sorry for the novel!","Dude. You were shitting Suboxone for a year? You must have eaten a lot of it

/s"
1969,"Dude. You were shitting Suboxone for a year? You must have eaten a lot of it

/s",BAAAAAAAHHH! I swear to the gods I fixed that typo before posting! My phone sabotaged me TWICE! Hahahah
1970,BAAAAAAAHHH! I swear to the gods I fixed that typo before posting! My phone sabotaged me TWICE! Hahahah,Funny typos are good
1971,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,Plug that shit
1972,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,One of the worst things about having shitty veins is if you need to go into the hospital. Giving blood tests and getting an IV and all that stuff. It can be absolutely miserable.
1973,One of the worst things about having shitty veins is if you need to go into the hospital. Giving blood tests and getting an IV and all that stuff. It can be absolutely miserable.,"I quit using and got into methadone maintenance because I found out I was pregnant. Getting blood drawn was impossible. That experience alone made me never want to touch my veins with a needle recreationally again. God, it was so embarrassing. SO embarrassing. Took a half hour to find one barely-flowing vein. Would have to stop and find another cause one wouldn’t be producing enough. HELL. I don’t miss it."
1974,"I quit using and got into methadone maintenance because I found out I was pregnant. Getting blood drawn was impossible. That experience alone made me never want to touch my veins with a needle recreationally again. God, it was so embarrassing. SO embarrassing. Took a half hour to find one barely-flowing vein. Would have to stop and find another cause one wouldn’t be producing enough. HELL. I don’t miss it.",Yeah the vein thing gets to be almost like torture after a while. I started muscling my shots because of it. I don't recommend that.
1975,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"My only COLLAPSED vein is my main vein in my left arm, collapsed at the crook of my arm. Luckily, my right arm veins are scarred, but not collapsed, and I stopped IV’ing in January 2017 after about five years. I’ve found my main issues are the exact issues you listed, I assume due to the major issues with circulation now, being as my biggest vein no longer flows. It can be annoying when I’m laying in bed on my phone reading reddit and I have to switch phone hands and lay my arm down to get it to wake up again. Other than that, I haven’t had anything serious happen yet. I’m also curious what the possibilities may be, so thank you for posting!!

edited to fix 2011 to 2016, not sure why I accidentally put 2011, haha.
edit 2... damnit... it was 2017... I need sleep. All the years run together now!"
1976,"My only COLLAPSED vein is my main vein in my left arm, collapsed at the crook of my arm. Luckily, my right arm veins are scarred, but not collapsed, and I stopped IV’ing in January 2017 after about five years. I’ve found my main issues are the exact issues you listed, I assume due to the major issues with circulation now, being as my biggest vein no longer flows. It can be annoying when I’m laying in bed on my phone reading reddit and I have to switch phone hands and lay my arm down to get it to wake up again. Other than that, I haven’t had anything serious happen yet. I’m also curious what the possibilities may be, so thank you for posting!!

edited to fix 2011 to 2016, not sure why I accidentally put 2011, haha.
edit 2... damnit... it was 2017... I need sleep. All the years run together now!",How can you tell if a vien is collapsed rather than just totally fucked up? A lot of the viens in my arms are completely unusable. Does that mean they're collapsed? I've been IVing for about 4 years now. Trying hard to stop now...again.
1977,How can you tell if a vien is collapsed rather than just totally fucked up? A lot of the viens in my arms are completely unusable. Does that mean they're collapsed? I've been IVing for about 4 years now. Trying hard to stop now...again.,"Also, I wish you the BEST of luck, friend!"
1978,"Also, I wish you the BEST of luck, friend!","Thanks hun, you too :)"
1979,How can you tell if a vien is collapsed rather than just totally fucked up? A lot of the viens in my arms are completely unusable. Does that mean they're collapsed? I've been IVing for about 4 years now. Trying hard to stop now...again.,"My left main vein, instead of sticking out and looking puffy like a normal person’s would, in the crook where most people start shooting, is concave. Like, there’s a sizable indention/it literally looks COLLAPSED. The skin is all hard and scar tissue-looking, too. It’s finally not as purple in color as it once was after stopping for two years now, it’s almost normal skin color, but there is no mistaking the near-inch-long, quarter-inch-thick collapsed area of skin. At least that’s how MY arm looks. Not sure if it’s the same for all collapsed veins. But they’re called that for a reason, I guess, haha."
1980,"My left main vein, instead of sticking out and looking puffy like a normal person’s would, in the crook where most people start shooting, is concave. Like, there’s a sizable indention/it literally looks COLLAPSED. The skin is all hard and scar tissue-looking, too. It’s finally not as purple in color as it once was after stopping for two years now, it’s almost normal skin color, but there is no mistaking the near-inch-long, quarter-inch-thick collapsed area of skin. At least that’s how MY arm looks. Not sure if it’s the same for all collapsed veins. But they’re called that for a reason, I guess, haha.","Lol, yeah I guess it was kinda a stupid question...Me: ""Der, What do collapsed veins look like?""...""Uh...They look fucking..*collapsed*.""

Thanks for trying to answer the best you could though :) I appreciate it a ton. I'm just now starting to learn about all of the shitty health complications, that I never even considered, that I now have to look forward to because I'm an IV user. Even if I quit now I'm still probably fucked..yaay. I appreciate this sub so much for all of the amazing info I've gotten here, among other things. I'm also sure, without a doubt..that if it weren't for the harm reduction tips and resources I've gotten here too.,  i wouldnt be alive righmt..neither would many of my friends because of the info I've passed on. Sorry, I don't have anything  to add to OPs post. I'm just really high and feeling kinda gushy lol.

Thanks fam. Everyone be safe out there <3"
1981,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,I blew out a shitload of veins when I was using. The one good thing I will tell you is that you'll start to grow corollary veins within a few months. You'll end up with new veins that grew out of necessity to help blood flow.
1982,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,My hands fall asleep really easily now too.
1983,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,Sometimes my leg of arms will fall asleep when I’m sleeping if I lay on them. I think it because I killed some veins.
1984,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"I’ve never IVd drugs, but need venous access at all times to treat a medical condition and my arms only lasted two months of being stuck by a nurse before becoming unusable and requiring a port for access. I’ve had the port for almost two years and my arms are not healed enough to find a useable vein. Last time I needed access between ports they had to use my jugular."
1985,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"There are some natural treatments that support regeneration of venous tissues. I’m not great with vitamins and minerals, but I’d guess, vitamin, B, C, zinc, etc...
Herbal medicines that have been proven for varicose veins include Aesuculus hippocastanum (Horsechesnut) and Ruscus Asclesus (Butchers broom)

Weight bearing exercise is good too, think body builder veins. Lymphatic drainage is good for swollen limbs. 

It took me about 10yrs to have a vein come back. Before that I needed an ultrasound to find one."
1986,"There are some natural treatments that support regeneration of venous tissues. I’m not great with vitamins and minerals, but I’d guess, vitamin, B, C, zinc, etc...
Herbal medicines that have been proven for varicose veins include Aesuculus hippocastanum (Horsechesnut) and Ruscus Asclesus (Butchers broom)

Weight bearing exercise is good too, think body builder veins. Lymphatic drainage is good for swollen limbs. 

It took me about 10yrs to have a vein come back. Before that I needed an ultrasound to find one.","They have hardly even been using ultrasounds for finding veins for 10 years now. Im just saying, if they used an ultrasound on you it *probably* wasn't 10 years ago.

Edit: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/01/060118093218.htm

It seems that around 2006 they invented the ultrasound for veins. so it was there 10 years ago but I know from personal experience that they were then still pretty far and few between in ERs. A lot of places still only have one. Source: I go to the hospital with shitty veins a lot."
1987,"They have hardly even been using ultrasounds for finding veins for 10 years now. Im just saying, if they used an ultrasound on you it *probably* wasn't 10 years ago.

Edit: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/01/060118093218.htm

It seems that around 2006 they invented the ultrasound for veins. so it was there 10 years ago but I know from personal experience that they were then still pretty far and few between in ERs. A lot of places still only have one. Source: I go to the hospital with shitty veins a lot.","Oh yeah, only in the last 5 yrs for me. It was around before that though, every time they attempted to draw blood they would say “next time we’ll get the ultrasound machine down here”. They never did though. Took me 5yrs to give a sample. Luckily it wasn’t urgent.

I always had my blood drawn in a hospital. I think in the early years they had one machine in the hospital. It would have been in the cancer ward I reckon."
1988,"Oh yeah, only in the last 5 yrs for me. It was around before that though, every time they attempted to draw blood they would say “next time we’ll get the ultrasound machine down here”. They never did though. Took me 5yrs to give a sample. Luckily it wasn’t urgent.

I always had my blood drawn in a hospital. I think in the early years they had one machine in the hospital. It would have been in the cancer ward I reckon.","Yeah, the different areas of the hospital are always trying to get hold of the one ultrasound machine most hospitals have. But it's getting better. 

I'll say this though. Thank goodness they figured this machine out. It's not perfect but it makes things at least a little bit easier. I've been to the hospital quite a few times where it was just a free-for-all as far as poking me goes, and it gets really old, especially when they're trying to do blood tests every hour and it takes them an hour to get your blood."
1989,"Yeah, the different areas of the hospital are always trying to get hold of the one ultrasound machine most hospitals have. But it's getting better. 

I'll say this though. Thank goodness they figured this machine out. It's not perfect but it makes things at least a little bit easier. I've been to the hospital quite a few times where it was just a free-for-all as far as poking me goes, and it gets really old, especially when they're trying to do blood tests every hour and it takes them an hour to get your blood.","That sounds horrendous!

I was lucky that when I ended up in emergency with asthma, I had a specialist down to see me within an hour, he used a portable ultrasound to get a vein. Regular blood tests though, they’ll just jab you 3 times and tell you to come back tomorrow.  A friend had an operation in a not so great hospital. They couldn’t get a vein, so they gave her gas to knock her out while they got one. She woke up after the operation, with a cannula in her knee. Her knee was 3 times the size. It must have collapsed and leaked fluid everywhere.

I really regret messing with my veins!"
1990,"They have hardly even been using ultrasounds for finding veins for 10 years now. Im just saying, if they used an ultrasound on you it *probably* wasn't 10 years ago.

Edit: https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/01/060118093218.htm

It seems that around 2006 they invented the ultrasound for veins. so it was there 10 years ago but I know from personal experience that they were then still pretty far and few between in ERs. A lot of places still only have one. Source: I go to the hospital with shitty veins a lot.",Lol yeah they had to get one for me when I was in the hospital after puking for a week and being super dehydrated. I BADLY needed fluids but they could NOT find a vein. I didn’t even know that machine existed. And they did only have one in the hospital and had to go find it. Again... so embarrassing... five nurses and an hour later... ugh
1991,Lol yeah they had to get one for me when I was in the hospital after puking for a week and being super dehydrated. I BADLY needed fluids but they could NOT find a vein. I didn’t even know that machine existed. And they did only have one in the hospital and had to go find it. Again... so embarrassing... five nurses and an hour later... ugh,Been there for sure. At least if it's any consolation the fact that so many of us have had this happen should make it a little less embarrassing. But it doesn't make it any less of an inconvenience.
1992,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,Your body will form new veins to make up for the ones you lost. Probably not anything you can shoot in though. I blew out the veins in my hands then one day I had a bunch of new ones. Really cool. Some useable but most were too small.
1993,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,My veins have been blown out for about 10 years. I cant even hit my jugular anymore. Ive been on methadone for 6 months.  My hands turn reddish and get cold often and I have asked about longterm and they just tell me that Im just gonna have to wait and see.
1994,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"I collapsed every surface vein years ago. No problems until recently. My right foot began to get cold at night, now it's mostly all the time. Dr says it isn't bloodflow, because pulse there is normal. But what else could it be?

Yeah new veins grow but as you age, circulation gets worse so problems start. And getting blood drawn is a bitch. I've been squeezing a stress ball trying to revitalise arm veins."
1995,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"Hey /u/OpiatedMinds! I haven’t posted on this sub in a very long time and glad to see you’re still kicking. 

Anyway back to the topic. My hands and wrists veins had accumulated scar tissue from years of IV use. Like you mentioned, my hands would fall asleep in no time if I ended up nodding out on my arms or dangling to the side. But I’ve cut back a lot since jumping back on methadone and lost connects (5-8+ shots/day to 0-4/month). I think my veins had the chance to repair since I find myself having little to no problems registering a hit and doesn’t fall asleep or get cold as fast as before.

A few years back, this one friend of mine caught my attention with how swollen his hands were for a guy who works out (was a heavy IV user but switched to smoking BTH due to no good veins). Not to be mean but it reminded me of Mickey Mouse hands lol. I’ve seen it mentioned in some articles as “puffy hand syndrome”. 
 
But you might want to do research on CVD (chronic venous disorders). One being 
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2748060/"
1996,Long term issues from collapsed veins?,"Yes your circulation will suffer eventually. It might not be life-threatening but don't collapse your fucking veins. If that happens you did something wrong, like shooting substances which provoke it or not rotating enough or just fucking up the shot in some other way."
1997,Oxy safe to take with coke?,Yes
1998,Oxy safe to take with coke?,I hope so cuz I been doing it all weekend..
1999,Oxy safe to take with coke?,Might cancel most of the oxy high tho
2000,Might cancel most of the oxy high tho,"No, youll just feel the oxy high, and the coke high. One doesnt negate the other, or nobody would take speedballs"
2001,"No, youll just feel the oxy high, and the coke high. One doesnt negate the other, or nobody would take speedballs",Im talking if i took a oxy and 2 or 3 hours later I do coke it's going to take away my opiate high. Op didnt say how long ago he did oxy
2002,Oxy safe to take with coke?,"There is no drug interaction but there is a danger you will take more of a depressant ( in this cause oxy ) then normal because the stimulant negates the sedative. 

If it’s your normal dose of both it should be Gucci."
2003,Oxy safe to take with coke?,Lol alright. Dope thanks just was curious of others opinions!
2004,Oxy safe to take with coke?,"this has made my heart beat, head hurt and want to vomit in the past"
2005,Oxy safe to take with coke?,I dont get why so many people mix uppers and downers.
2006,Oxy safe to take with coke?,Ohhhh fuuuuuckkkk yeeaaaahhhhh
2007,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",Yes. Just faster.
2008,Yes. Just faster.,4 - 6 mph faster
2009,4 - 6 mph faster,I really don’t need any sarcasm. How long would a Normal withdrawal be given I’ve taken 4-6 30mgs a day for about 1year
2010,I really don’t need any sarcasm. How long would a Normal withdrawal be given I’ve taken 4-6 30mgs a day for about 1year,"Sorry just saw you said how much. But really? You came on here for some advice, you were vague about it, and now you're getting a little pissy because someone made a joke about your vagueness. You cant let little things like that get to you. This is reddit/the internet, it can get a lot worse than that little bit of a sarcastic joke. Lol"
2011,"Sorry just saw you said how much. But really? You came on here for some advice, you were vague about it, and now you're getting a little pissy because someone made a joke about your vagueness. You cant let little things like that get to you. This is reddit/the internet, it can get a lot worse than that little bit of a sarcastic joke. Lol","Besides, a little sarcasm is good for you. Just like herpes"
2012,"Besides, a little sarcasm is good for you. Just like herpes",That's good to hear. I've almost caught all 151 Herpes.
2013,"Sorry just saw you said how much. But really? You came on here for some advice, you were vague about it, and now you're getting a little pissy because someone made a joke about your vagueness. You cant let little things like that get to you. This is reddit/the internet, it can get a lot worse than that little bit of a sarcastic joke. Lol","I dOn’T aPpRcIaTe YoUr SaRcAsM! 
This guy needs to be running from the internet if he can’t handle it."
2014,"I dOn’T aPpRcIaTe YoUr SaRcAsM! 
This guy needs to be running from the internet if he can’t handle it.",God forbid someone asks for advice or some shit. World is full of fucking douche bags like you
2015,God forbid someone asks for advice or some shit. World is full of fucking douche bags like you,"I’m actually a really nice guy in the morning\during the day but not at night.
I think you stumbled across the assholes, smart ones, and junkies of the sub reddit. Take it in the chin and move on."
2016,I really don’t need any sarcasm. How long would a Normal withdrawal be given I’ve taken 4-6 30mgs a day for about 1year,About a week
2017,I really don’t need any sarcasm. How long would a Normal withdrawal be given I’ve taken 4-6 30mgs a day for about 1year,It's tough to say because it's really different for everyone. If you can force yourself to exercise it will definitely make you feel better and help things along
2018,I really don’t need any sarcasm. How long would a Normal withdrawal be given I’ve taken 4-6 30mgs a day for about 1year,"Two weeks for the worst of it, with the first week sucking most. A month in, you will still have insomnia, and possibly chronic headaches...i did."
2019,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?","It will be hard. Continue running during it if you can, that has proven to be the one most effective thing to lessen withdrawal agony. I’m pretty sure most people here will agree with that. 

But you gotta pay the piper, and your dose is not insignificant."
2020,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",Are you sure they are real oxy and not pressed fent? Cause fent is probably going to be a lot rougher
2021,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",Depends on the daily dose of oxy. Your activity level will most likely shorten your withdrawal duration but might not lessen the intensity. Taper down if you can and jump from a smaller point.
2022,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",Just taper off.  You may not have any acute withdrawal symptoms if you do that.
2023,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",Are they 5mg or 80mg? Bit of a difference. Having never been in that kind of shape myself I can only assume your detox will be 10x worse than normal
2024,Are they 5mg or 80mg? Bit of a difference. Having never been in that kind of shape myself I can only assume your detox will be 10x worse than normal,30s. Why would it be worse?
2025,30s. Why would it be worse?,"I Can't think of any logical reason as to why it would be any worse than anyone else. They were asking about the strength because obviously if you're only taking 20 mg total that's a big difference than if you're taking 2 or 3 of the 80 mg pills. You have a fairly good tolerance, I would say that your withdrawals will be very similar to most other people's"
2026,"I Can't think of any logical reason as to why it would be any worse than anyone else. They were asking about the strength because obviously if you're only taking 20 mg total that's a big difference than if you're taking 2 or 3 of the 80 mg pills. You have a fairly good tolerance, I would say that your withdrawals will be very similar to most other people's","He's taking between 120-180mg, thats a pretty good habit, and withdrawals are going to hurt. Oxy wd is shorter than some, but its intense."
2027,"He's taking between 120-180mg, thats a pretty good habit, and withdrawals are going to hurt. Oxy wd is shorter than some, but its intense.",He was asking why him being a runner would make it worse.
2028,"I Can't think of any logical reason as to why it would be any worse than anyone else. They were asking about the strength because obviously if you're only taking 20 mg total that's a big difference than if you're taking 2 or 3 of the 80 mg pills. You have a fairly good tolerance, I would say that your withdrawals will be very similar to most other people's",Would snorting vs oral make a difference by way of bioavailability? I only snort them
2029,Would snorting vs oral make a difference by way of bioavailability? I only snort them,"Tolerance and metabolism and bioavailability are so individualized. I would guess theoretically snorting it might be slightly less bioavailability so therefore slightly less per dose. But honestly if you've been taking 2 to 3 A-day for a while, despite the route of administration, you're gonna have to deal with their withdrawals. Maybe somebody will correct me but I can't imagine it making that much of a difference"
2030,30s. Why would it be worse?,Cause running sucks. Just messing with you. I would think being in good shape could only make things better for you
2031,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?",4 to 6 oxys? What mg? And for how long?
2032,4 to 6 oxys? What mg? And for how long?,"30. At most a year, may 8-10 months. But it always hasn’t been 4-6. Started as one or two then progressed to 4-6"
2033,"30. At most a year, may 8-10 months. But it always hasn’t been 4-6. Started as one or two then progressed to 4-6","Bro if you’ve been doing 30s for a year even if it was just one a day, your WD will be pretty rough. But really if you have a strong mental going into it you might be over the WD in less than a week. I never really even noticed WD the first year I used. I only really every noticed WD symptoms after trying heroin. Although the 30s I used were fent the shorter half-life seems to produce a more intense but shorter WD than something with a longer lasting half-life."
2034,"In shape, runner. How bad will detox be?","Dude I used to be FIT and eating “clean” paleo pasture raised meat etc, every drug high was so much better and the withdrawals were so much easier"
2035,why do i barely feel the benzos when im mixing with opiates?,"benzos just make me feel flat and depressed and drugged.  never got high off them  apart from when i first did 5mg diazepam before i had an opiate tolerance.

also since having a high opiate tolerance, weed does nothing but make me feel unpleasantly tired. it doesn't get me high at all.  when I get off opiates properly i'd like to try weed to see what it's ""really"" like."
2036,why do i barely feel the benzos when im mixing with opiates?,I’m the opposite I only feel the benzos if I do that
2037,why do i barely feel the benzos when im mixing with opiates?,Be extremely careful mixing these two. Its so easy to go over the edge with benzos in your system. Especially if youre doing dope and not just pills.
2038,why do i barely feel the benzos when im mixing with opiates?,id say because an opiate high is stronger
2039,Has anyone used methadone for around a week to get off heroin successfully and how?,Yes. It will def help. But the hard part will be when u aee totally clean
2040,Has anyone used methadone for around a week to get off heroin successfully and how?,"More times than I can tell you! You just need to take methadone at a dose that makes you feel normal for 3 to 5 days. Same dose each day.

You may need a low dose of klonopin to help you sleep -- less than .05 mgs.

That's it."
2041,Has anyone used methadone for around a week to get off heroin successfully and how?,"Yes, it worked like a boss. Best part about methadone is that you will still usually feel ok the next day as well. Space out out your doses as much as you can. A higher dose is good initially...lower it the second or third day."
2042,Has anyone used methadone for around a week to get off heroin successfully and how?,Would this method work as good with subs as methadone?
2043,What’s a high off Tramadol like?,People either love tram or hate it. You either convert it good or bad. Don’t exceed 200mg because that’s when it starts lowering your seizure threshold. Start with 100
2044,People either love tram or hate it. You either convert it good or bad. Don’t exceed 200mg because that’s when it starts lowering your seizure threshold. Start with 100,400mg is the limit.
2045,What’s a high off Tramadol like?,take 100 mg and then in an hr take another 100mg. when the second 100 mg hits it's a pure euphoric nod just don't be in public you should be with friends. i do heroin and not pills but i would still do tramadol.
2046,So are different brand oxy 30s different in anyway? Like m30s compared to a215 or k9s . Legally it should all be the same strength but I feel like I have favorites (k9s) is this in my head and it’s the same stuff or is there some info behind this? But what are your favorite ?,"Its in your head man. Theyre all the same, all oxy (unless theyre pressed of course)

Edit: my fav are the mboxes just bc of the nostalgia i have. They were my first oxy 30s"
2047,So are different brand oxy 30s different in anyway? Like m30s compared to a215 or k9s . Legally it should all be the same strength but I feel like I have favorites (k9s) is this in my head and it’s the same stuff or is there some info behind this? But what are your favorite ?,FDA regulation says for any medicine it can have +- 10% of the advertised dose so some brands might have more or less but it’s pretty negligible. Usually the size of the pill is what matters most to people because they don’t want to snort a bunch of powder like in the RP30s
2048,So are different brand oxy 30s different in anyway? Like m30s compared to a215 or k9s . Legally it should all be the same strength but I feel like I have favorites (k9s) is this in my head and it’s the same stuff or is there some info behind this? But what are your favorite ?,"They are the same, that’s in your head... but I remember when I did blues my favorites were the mbox’s. For some reason I felt like these smoked the best but in reality all of them smoked pretty damn well back then.... lol"
2049,RP 15. Do they actually suck or am I just convincing myself that cuz they are different?,I didnt mind them back when I was on my daily habit like 3 or 4 years ago but it sucks to snort if you do.  Such an ass ton of powder you are better of chomping that fucker down.
2050,RP 15. Do they actually suck or am I just convincing myself that cuz they are different?,"They work fine for me, and I have never seen or heard of a pressed one (although I don’t doubt they exist) but I have noticed a lingering headache when I get a batch of them."
2051,RP 15. Do they actually suck or am I just convincing myself that cuz they are different?,"IMO, they suck. Sorry."
2052,"IMO, they suck. Sorry.",Yeah eating them was 100% better but still garbage . I don’t understand how something with the same ingredients can be so much different ? Must have a weird filler in it or something .
2053,On suboxone. Long weekend and chemist is closed. If I take tramadol for two days do I need to purge again to not get precipitated withdrawal?,Wait about 12 hours after the last tram dose I'd assume
2054,Wait about 12 hours after the last tram dose I'd assume,Ok thank you.
2055,Ok thank you.,The longer you wait the better 12-18 hours seems like enough though
2056,On suboxone. Long weekend and chemist is closed. If I take tramadol for two days do I need to purge again to not get precipitated withdrawal?,The fuck? This is medicine and they decided to close shop early? How early/what time did you get there?
2057,The fuck? This is medicine and they decided to close shop early? How early/what time did you get there?,"Yeah. It’s a new chemist (drug store) closer to my home. As I was going into town each day for my dose. But that was a mission so my rehab found a closer place to my house. 

I started going there on Friday. The staff said they are open until 7pm every day. Then yesterday the manager said they’ll be closing Monday so she’ll give me my dose. She said she was also thinking of closing early Sunday as Monday is public holiday here and she’ll give me a take home for then. 

But I arrived and apparently they went home around 6pm. Shop next to them said so. I dose late in the day. So this has left me in the shit. Lucky a home call dr wrote me a small one off script for tramadol to last the next 2 days. But this means I’ve relapsed. I would’ve been ok if she called and told me to come in. But maybe because I’m new there she forgot about me. Sucks"
2058,"Yeah. It’s a new chemist (drug store) closer to my home. As I was going into town each day for my dose. But that was a mission so my rehab found a closer place to my house. 

I started going there on Friday. The staff said they are open until 7pm every day. Then yesterday the manager said they’ll be closing Monday so she’ll give me my dose. She said she was also thinking of closing early Sunday as Monday is public holiday here and she’ll give me a take home for then. 

But I arrived and apparently they went home around 6pm. Shop next to them said so. I dose late in the day. So this has left me in the shit. Lucky a home call dr wrote me a small one off script for tramadol to last the next 2 days. But this means I’ve relapsed. I would’ve been ok if she called and told me to come in. But maybe because I’m new there she forgot about me. Sucks","What's the holiday? Just asking as a curious American.

I would only use the tramadol if you truely, TRUELY feel dope sick. Maybe Monday morning then hold out and get to the chemist early.

If possible change your dose times too."
2059,"What's the holiday? Just asking as a curious American.

I would only use the tramadol if you truely, TRUELY feel dope sick. Maybe Monday morning then hold out and get to the chemist early.

If possible change your dose times too.","Queen’s birthday. (Australia). 

Ah I was super sick by 8pm our time which was over 24hrs since my sub dose. I got a home doctor visit and he gave me a prescription for a small amount to just lesson the withdrawals over two days. Tomorrow is the public holiday so I’d be going a couple days from my withdrawals. 

I’ve only been on suboxone for 1 month so having to use tramadol isn’t too depressing. If I had been on the program for a while I would’ve been pretty upset taking them. I’ll just have to talk to this new chemist to make sure this doesn’t happen again. I’ll be doing take home dosage soon anyways. But yeah. I have dealt with 3 months of on and off chaotic usage and withdrawals and was so not prepared to go a couple days when I’ve put a lot of effort into rehab and suboxone stabilising."
2060,"Queen’s birthday. (Australia). 

Ah I was super sick by 8pm our time which was over 24hrs since my sub dose. I got a home doctor visit and he gave me a prescription for a small amount to just lesson the withdrawals over two days. Tomorrow is the public holiday so I’d be going a couple days from my withdrawals. 

I’ve only been on suboxone for 1 month so having to use tramadol isn’t too depressing. If I had been on the program for a while I would’ve been pretty upset taking them. I’ll just have to talk to this new chemist to make sure this doesn’t happen again. I’ll be doing take home dosage soon anyways. But yeah. I have dealt with 3 months of on and off chaotic usage and withdrawals and was so not prepared to go a couple days when I’ve put a lot of effort into rehab and suboxone stabilising.","Just my opinion here, but I would absolutely not count this as a relapse. It sounds like you did everything possible in your power to avoid a situation like this. Unfortunately things outside your control will always happen. While the tramadol may in fact be your substance of choice, you aren't necessarily using it in an abusive manner, or as some would say in true relapse fashion lol. You are simply taking it to prevent withdrawal, just like your Suboxone. Although your rehab may definitely see this as a technical infraction, with full transparency of everything you have described to us, I believe your rehab will understand and not make too big a deal of it. If they do, in your heart you know you didn't relapse. Keep up the good work and props for not using this as a reason to say fuck it and burn it down. ✌️"
2061,"Just my opinion here, but I would absolutely not count this as a relapse. It sounds like you did everything possible in your power to avoid a situation like this. Unfortunately things outside your control will always happen. While the tramadol may in fact be your substance of choice, you aren't necessarily using it in an abusive manner, or as some would say in true relapse fashion lol. You are simply taking it to prevent withdrawal, just like your Suboxone. Although your rehab may definitely see this as a technical infraction, with full transparency of everything you have described to us, I believe your rehab will understand and not make too big a deal of it. If they do, in your heart you know you didn't relapse. Keep up the good work and props for not using this as a reason to say fuck it and burn it down. ✌️","Cheers mate. I was feeling a bit depressed about it at first. But I’m ok with it now. I have rehab psychologist tomorrow. But they’re super understanding and I did call one member of my rehab the night I couldn’t get my dose (they have one member stationed at the local hospital most nights. But they cannot subscribe anything. Just advice or help with WD symptoms) who said try and see if a doctor can help out for the two days because I’ve been following all the right steps and no need to put myself through WDs if it’s 2 days. Just to not go overboard and I need to make sure I speak with the chemist to make sure this doesn’t happen again just so I don’t have the needless stress of a dumb situation. 

Thanks for the kind words tho mate. Cheered me up"
2062,On suboxone. Long weekend and chemist is closed. If I take tramadol for two days do I need to purge again to not get precipitated withdrawal?,"No. You'll be fine. 

As long as there is a bit of sub in your system still, you will not be at risk for precipitated withdrawal 

Also, tramadol is atypical in its opi effects, and can be taken concurrently with subs"
2063,On suboxone. Long weekend and chemist is closed. If I take tramadol for two days do I need to purge again to not get precipitated withdrawal?,yes. you can dose your sub as you normally would. two days isn’t a long enough time period for all of the bupe to be removed from your receptors. as long as there is bupe still in your system you’ll avoid any pwds that could possibly occurre otherwise. unless you’re a freak of nature.
2064,When will people learn?,Stupidity + desperation = easy target
2065,When will people learn?,"Yeah, for real. Maybe i should get into the business, lol, they only do it because it works.

People who prey on the vulnerabilities of desperate addicts in withdrawal can get fucked."
2066,When will people learn?,"It seems so easy as well, open a brand new account post a photo of a big bag of pills (that you found on google) and wait for the pms come rolling in"
2067,"It seems so easy as well, open a brand new account post a photo of a big bag of pills (that you found on google) and wait for the pms come rolling in","That's how you got multiple grams of brown under the map, while smoking subs!

/s"
2068,When will people learn?,"its crazy how many broke scammers are message me as well. thinking im that gullible lol. they are going to hell for praying on the desperate and ppl whos going thru withdrawl..   kinda on the same level as the assholes pressing fent pills and selling them as real pills, minus the deaths of course. screw those guys."
2069,When will people learn?,I got some too. The same ole excuse. Msg me on Wickr
2070,When will people learn?,"I don't even think they need to do much once a picture is posted...every time I've posted something I would get a dozen pms asking where I got said benzos or if I sell. People literally come to you, the scammer doesn't even need to post something probably against community guidelines or look for potential clients to scam."
2071,"I don't even think they need to do much once a picture is posted...every time I've posted something I would get a dozen pms asking where I got said benzos or if I sell. People literally come to you, the scammer doesn't even need to post something probably against community guidelines or look for potential clients to scam.",It happens to me all the time with research chemicals.
2072,When will people learn?,I almost fell for it as I have legit pain and get desperate. Then i realized quickly these scammers are too in your face. Then I found the onion fields are hopefully safer due to having reviews. You can always tell the scammers by how they freaking are after you like a damned fly on shit.
2073,When will people learn?,"FYI, the proper way to deal with anyone requesting payment via gift card and needing a pic of the receipt is to tell them ""ok, but I got some bubble gum on the receipt. Does this look ok or do I need to go have them reprint it?""

Then send a pic of your nutsack"
2074,"FYI, the proper way to deal with anyone requesting payment via gift card and needing a pic of the receipt is to tell them ""ok, but I got some bubble gum on the receipt. Does this look ok or do I need to go have them reprint it?""

Then send a pic of your nutsack",Lol! I'm gonna do this next time.
2075,When will people learn?,Cmon guys this is why this sub is going to get shut down because fucking idiots keep sourcing when they are not supposed to. I know people get desperate and sick but stop trying to buy drugs off reddit. you really can’t be that fucking stupid.
2076,When will people learn?,This has only happened to me once though my account isn't even a year old yet. Had some rando message me asking if I wanted to buy L benzos or adderall. Hard pass on that.
2077,When will people learn?,I've said this before but unless you can meet the person in person then it's not worth it. That's the only time I've had things work out. I've never sent money over Reddit though
2078,When will people learn?,ive had multiple people message me about having x for sale and like i had to tell this one guy multiple times i dont do transactions over the internet unless its via DNMs. this shit is ridiculous.
2079,When will people learn?,"If they approach you on reddit to sell you drugs, THEY ARE A SCAMMER. So it's that simple. It's against the rules for a reason."
2080,When will people learn?,anyone who falls for this kind of thing deserves to lose all of their cash and end up in withdrawals.  just unbelievable how much idiocy is on this reddit.
2081,When will people learn?,Its easy to tell a scam though...a drug dealer who wont accept cash is a huge red flag for me.
2082,When will people learn?,It’s tough because not all of them are scammers either.
2083,When will people learn?,Now what to buy with all these gift cards...
2084,I finally got my hands on some kratom after day 3 of WD. I also have some zanaflex. Should I mix them?,If you’re on the third day a 4-5 gram dose of kratom should be plenty.  Inbox me if you have any other questions.
2085,I finally got my hands on some kratom after day 3 of WD. I also have some zanaflex. Should I mix them?,"2mg zanaflex tablets are rather large for such a small amount of active compound, so snorting tablets doesn't seem like an efficient method of delivery. Although a nasal spray is in trials and does have higher bioavailability due to the bypass of first pass metabolism, it requires pH buffers and absorption enhancers. But back to your question, I'm assuming that you chose a red strain of Keaton as your intended use is to control WDs. Zanaflex however administered, will likely add to the sedative effects of a red vein kratom but not much else. I have not tried this combination, but I have mixed kratom with baclofen, benzos and phenibut, and found them to compliment each other nicely. For me, 7g kratom with 1mg Klonopin hits the sweet spot. If your goal is simply to potentiate the effects of your kratom, you should first consider mixing it with grapefruit juice adding about a tablespoon of turmeric and a large pinch of black pepper. Ginger is also an effective enhancer and will help within a nausea you may experience from the kratom. These are much cheaper and more available options then the zanaflex you're attempting to use. If you insist on trying your zanaflex and kratom combination, I would at least add the ginger turmeric and black pepper mixture to control the stomach pain you will inevitably experience. Best of luck"
2086,"2mg zanaflex tablets are rather large for such a small amount of active compound, so snorting tablets doesn't seem like an efficient method of delivery. Although a nasal spray is in trials and does have higher bioavailability due to the bypass of first pass metabolism, it requires pH buffers and absorption enhancers. But back to your question, I'm assuming that you chose a red strain of Keaton as your intended use is to control WDs. Zanaflex however administered, will likely add to the sedative effects of a red vein kratom but not much else. I have not tried this combination, but I have mixed kratom with baclofen, benzos and phenibut, and found them to compliment each other nicely. For me, 7g kratom with 1mg Klonopin hits the sweet spot. If your goal is simply to potentiate the effects of your kratom, you should first consider mixing it with grapefruit juice adding about a tablespoon of turmeric and a large pinch of black pepper. Ginger is also an effective enhancer and will help within a nausea you may experience from the kratom. These are much cheaper and more available options then the zanaflex you're attempting to use. If you insist on trying your zanaflex and kratom combination, I would at least add the ginger turmeric and black pepper mixture to control the stomach pain you will inevitably experience. Best of luck",I guess we are talking about different things here. Its TiZANidine and the 4mg tablets are smaller than my pinky nail
2087,I finally got my hands on some kratom after day 3 of WD. I also have some zanaflex. Should I mix them?,"A magnesium supplement would also be of benefit. Personally I recommend magnesium gluconate however magnesium citrate is more readily available and much more affordable. Natural calm is a blend of magnesium citrate and citric acid that you can get at most health food stores or Amazon. I would be careful with magnesium supplements if you're prone to diarrhea, however as kratom can cause constipation it might be of benefit to you"
2088,I finally got my hands on some kratom after day 3 of WD. I also have some zanaflex. Should I mix them?,I always did a few Zanaflex to kick up my hydros so I know that much is true.
2089,I always did a few Zanaflex to kick up my hydros so I know that much is true.,That's enough for me
2090,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"Oh I got so many. Nodded so hard at work that I fellboff my chair, nodded like everytime at dinner with my family. Nodded at a family dinner and fell in my food. Nodded while driving and drove into a field. Nodded the first time I met my brothers girl and the pizza constantly fellbout of my hand. Nodded the first time I met my uncles girl. She thought for months that I am sick. LOL. There is so much more. I used H and benzos daily for 1-1 1/2 years and everything else I could get my hands on"
2091,"Oh I got so many. Nodded so hard at work that I fellboff my chair, nodded like everytime at dinner with my family. Nodded at a family dinner and fell in my food. Nodded while driving and drove into a field. Nodded the first time I met my brothers girl and the pizza constantly fellbout of my hand. Nodded the first time I met my uncles girl. She thought for months that I am sick. LOL. There is so much more. I used H and benzos daily for 1-1 1/2 years and everything else I could get my hands on",Damn bro.. you have no stealth game or just don't give a fuck..  I  can respect  and understand both..
2092,"Oh I got so many. Nodded so hard at work that I fellboff my chair, nodded like everytime at dinner with my family. Nodded at a family dinner and fell in my food. Nodded while driving and drove into a field. Nodded the first time I met my brothers girl and the pizza constantly fellbout of my hand. Nodded the first time I met my uncles girl. She thought for months that I am sick. LOL. There is so much more. I used H and benzos daily for 1-1 1/2 years and everything else I could get my hands on",Oh no.. in your food? At dinner? Rough
2093,Oh no.. in your food? At dinner? Rough,Ya happened a few times haha
2094,Ya happened a few times haha,I love that you laugh about this. Your not give a fuck game is an easy 10. Fantastic
2095,"Oh I got so many. Nodded so hard at work that I fellboff my chair, nodded like everytime at dinner with my family. Nodded at a family dinner and fell in my food. Nodded while driving and drove into a field. Nodded the first time I met my brothers girl and the pizza constantly fellbout of my hand. Nodded the first time I met my uncles girl. She thought for months that I am sick. LOL. There is so much more. I used H and benzos daily for 1-1 1/2 years and everything else I could get my hands on",This is me
2096,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"In front of the kitchen sink with water running, ""doing the dishes"". At least trying to."
2097,"In front of the kitchen sink with water running, ""doing the dishes"". At least trying to.",Yes.  I love doing dishes when high for some reason.. I have nodded there too..  I thought I was a weirdo..
2098,Yes.  I love doing dishes when high for some reason.. I have nodded there too..  I thought I was a weirdo..,"Haha shit, not too weird. 

I got caught out while that happened. Blamed it on my sleeping pill. Traz."
2099,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,Nodded out at an NA meeting before pretty wierd and awkward especially when u know a couple ppl there from the streets as well
2100,Nodded out at an NA meeting before pretty wierd and awkward especially when u know a couple ppl there from the streets as well,"My experience has been that at NA, everyone is pretty much high."
2101,"My experience has been that at NA, everyone is pretty much high.","Yea just depends on the group you go to the one I was at, at that time it was ppl that were mainly clean and most of them had a lot of clean time"
2102,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,Standing up at work
2103,Standing up at work,We’ve all been here.  This is a tough one.  Especially for those fine folks in retail.
2104,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"I used to nod out when I worked as a bench technician for a live audio company. Would snap out of it upon burning the FUCK out of myself with my soldering iron or smell melting conductor jacketing. Used to also nod out on main stage at Coachella while working it. That is a very loud environment, luckily the dope allowed me to rest easy during performances."
2105,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,One time I nodded off my presentation during class for sex ed
2106,One time I nodded off my presentation during class for sex ed,Thats embarrassing. How’d you talk your way outta that one? Lol
2107,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,I nodded out while writing thi
2108,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"A beautiful beach in Barcelona...maybe not so random, but pretty fucking awesome"
2109,"A beautiful beach in Barcelona...maybe not so random, but pretty fucking awesome",The sun hits different at the beach when the opis kick in 😎
2110,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,Mostly in my food at restaurants.  Hate that nice restaurants keep the lights so low.
2111,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"Standing up in a meeting at work... edit:hit my head on the wall too

Another time I nodded in my chair in another meeting, then jolted awake scared everyone around me."
2112,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,At a stoplight for a busy intersection in the middle of the day
2113,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,Eating p**sy
2114,Eating p**sy,You live dangerously my friend
2115,You live dangerously my friend,😂
2116,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,Nodded off on a ski lift and I forgot to get off😂
2117,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,In the middle of giving someone change when I was a cashier. At a movie rental store. Did I just date myself??
2118,What’s the most random place you’ve nodded off at?,"Im not religious, but i went to church to support my cousin for an upcoming surgery. Railed 2 dillys before driving there. Fighting the nod hard in the pews, lmao thought for sure it was obvious, but everyone focused on the sermon...best time i ever had in church."
2119,Am I at risk?,Your fine
2120,Your fine,"I really appreciate the response, but I’d feel a little better with some more explanation lol. Google searches are freaking me out man, saying that just a few days of going over the recommended limit can cause acute liver damage."
2121,"I really appreciate the response, but I’d feel a little better with some more explanation lol. Google searches are freaking me out man, saying that just a few days of going over the recommended limit can cause acute liver damage.",I'm sorry my bad I guess I should have said that I've gone way harder for way longer back when I was doing pills I don't think you in any right now danger but with continued use you could do some damage to your liver again my bad I hope that's a little more helpful
2122,I'm sorry my bad I guess I should have said that I've gone way harder for way longer back when I was doing pills I don't think you in any right now danger but with continued use you could do some damage to your liver again my bad I hope that's a little more helpful,"No need to apologize at all, this is helpful. Google just makes it sound like if you go over 3,000mg in 24 hours, even for just a few days your liver will shut down not too long after."
2123,Am I at risk?,You’re definitely alright. You’d have to go harder for longer so I wouldn’t worry about it and freak yourself out. But you can always do a cold water extraction for prolonged use of high content Tylenol pills. Just cut that stuff right out of the mix. It’s really easy to do and will save your liver a beating.
2124,You’re definitely alright. You’d have to go harder for longer so I wouldn’t worry about it and freak yourself out. But you can always do a cold water extraction for prolonged use of high content Tylenol pills. Just cut that stuff right out of the mix. It’s really easy to do and will save your liver a beating.,I really appreciate the response man! Thank you
2125,I really appreciate the response man! Thank you,Sure thing!
2126,Am I at risk?,"You are fine. Hypochondriasis maybe. But liver failure...negatory. 
You haven’t exceeded the maximum. Even if you did and are otherwise healthy...you would most likely be just fine. Just relax. Take a breath. Blessings. 

Source: 11 yrs post grad training. MD. Also personal experience of going way over the max for a very long time with only transient elevation of LFT’s...back to normal within 3 months."
2127,Am I at risk?,"So a simple search in the r/opiates search bar which is 1 click away reveals 4000 mgs a day of apap (Tylenol) in the time it took you to write your post and then politely complain about the 1st guys answer you could have gotten the answer yourself. So for future reference push on r/opiates anywhere on this page. Above your post, above anyone’s comments or in the area that you made the post originally. Literally anywhere it says r/opiates then in the same search bar at the top of the page that says r/opiates within the search bar skip one space and type your search. In this case I put daily apap limit. I got about 20 posts that popped up. 

I’m not against people asking questions on here but when you respond to someone with “I was looking for more information” and blow off they’re response to you  then you can go look for yourself!! No offense this isn’t an attack on you. It’s more of a pattern we’re seeing on here where people could look just as easily for themselves and don’t. Like look 1st and then if you need clarification ask away is my take on it. Maybe I’m just being to harsh and picky. If so I apologize."
2128,"So a simple search in the r/opiates search bar which is 1 click away reveals 4000 mgs a day of apap (Tylenol) in the time it took you to write your post and then politely complain about the 1st guys answer you could have gotten the answer yourself. So for future reference push on r/opiates anywhere on this page. Above your post, above anyone’s comments or in the area that you made the post originally. Literally anywhere it says r/opiates then in the same search bar at the top of the page that says r/opiates within the search bar skip one space and type your search. In this case I put daily apap limit. I got about 20 posts that popped up. 

I’m not against people asking questions on here but when you respond to someone with “I was looking for more information” and blow off they’re response to you  then you can go look for yourself!! No offense this isn’t an attack on you. It’s more of a pattern we’re seeing on here where people could look just as easily for themselves and don’t. Like look 1st and then if you need clarification ask away is my take on it. Maybe I’m just being to harsh and picky. If so I apologize.","u/tjohnny48 shouldnt have been downvoted for answering, even offering tips on getting more info."
2129,"u/tjohnny48 shouldnt have been downvoted for answering, even offering tips on getting more info.",I didn’t down vote him
2130,"u/tjohnny48 shouldnt have been downvoted for answering, even offering tips on getting more info.",Thx
2131,"So a simple search in the r/opiates search bar which is 1 click away reveals 4000 mgs a day of apap (Tylenol) in the time it took you to write your post and then politely complain about the 1st guys answer you could have gotten the answer yourself. So for future reference push on r/opiates anywhere on this page. Above your post, above anyone’s comments or in the area that you made the post originally. Literally anywhere it says r/opiates then in the same search bar at the top of the page that says r/opiates within the search bar skip one space and type your search. In this case I put daily apap limit. I got about 20 posts that popped up. 

I’m not against people asking questions on here but when you respond to someone with “I was looking for more information” and blow off they’re response to you  then you can go look for yourself!! No offense this isn’t an attack on you. It’s more of a pattern we’re seeing on here where people could look just as easily for themselves and don’t. Like look 1st and then if you need clarification ask away is my take on it. Maybe I’m just being to harsh and picky. If so I apologize.",I did exactly that before I posted here. I researched for a solid 30 min on Reddit and google and came here as a last resort. I wanted to get feedback on my specific situation. Thanks for your concern.
2132,I did exactly that before I posted here. I researched for a solid 30 min on Reddit and google and came here as a last resort. I wanted to get feedback on my specific situation. Thanks for your concern.,Ask your doctor.
2133,Ask your doctor.,Can’t argue with that
2134,I did exactly that before I posted here. I researched for a solid 30 min on Reddit and google and came here as a last resort. I wanted to get feedback on my specific situation. Thanks for your concern.,"I found it in 20 seconds maybe you were using the wrong terminology I guess. Either way good luck. Like the first person said your not even close to the limits. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/4s3xn9/daily_apap_limit_toxicity/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
2135,Anyway to test for codeine?,"you could test for fent and if it doesnt show positive and u get high, its probably codeine. i dont think anyone would make syrup with opiates other than codeiene or fent"
2136,"you could test for fent and if it doesnt show positive and u get high, its probably codeine. i dont think anyone would make syrup with opiates other than codeiene or fent",Alright thanks bro
2137,Anyway to test for codeine?,Yes it’s an opiate all drug tests test for opiates.
2138,Yes it’s an opiate all drug tests test for opiates.,Not a piss test idiot
2139,How would I go about banging a pressed 30???,Use a condom
2140,Use a condom,this is the kinda humor i live for. carry on.
2141,Use a condom,Nice haha
2142,How would I go about banging a pressed 30???,Very carefully
2143,How would I go about banging a pressed 30???,Terrible idea considering you have no idea how much fent is in them. Sounds like a good way to die.
2144,Terrible idea considering you have no idea how much fent is in them. Sounds like a good way to die.,"Not even just that but also the inactive uncontrolled random binders - and possibly dangerous potentiators - that might be okay to eat/snort but deadly to iv.  

Use extreme caution OP, and make sure your mix is shaken/stirred/maybe even cooked a tiny bit to the point of being maximally dissolved, and start with small small doses just to see what happens.  You can’t research bioavailability if you don’t know your substance."
2145,Terrible idea considering you have no idea how much fent is in them. Sounds like a good way to die.,"Everything was fine
I shot it up in 1/4ths. Caught a nice nod after banging half then woke up thirty min later w my head on the table with the needle still in my arm :) that’s exactly what I was going for 👌🏻"
2146,Can I mix this oxy and Xanax dose?,2mg is an extremely large dose for someone who has no tolerance....even .25 will get you feeling the effects. May I ask why you are wanting to mix them? Are you trying to potentiate the oxy?
2147,2mg is an extremely large dose for someone who has no tolerance....even .25 will get you feeling the effects. May I ask why you are wanting to mix them? Are you trying to potentiate the oxy?,This
2148,2mg is an extremely large dose for someone who has no tolerance....even .25 will get you feeling the effects. May I ask why you are wanting to mix them? Are you trying to potentiate the oxy?,I have been taking 1-2 bars for like 3 days then I just quit for 2 days that’s why I was saying my tolerance is low
2149,Can I mix this oxy and Xanax dose?,No on either unless you want to see Junkie Jesus irl
2150,Can I mix this oxy and Xanax dose?,If you honestly don’t know you shouldn’t be messing around with either of those
2151,If you honestly don’t know you shouldn’t be messing around with either of those,Listen to this guy
2152,Can I mix this oxy and Xanax dose?,"I smoked and snorted fent dope while on an unknown large dose of Clonazolam (several mg’s, I don’t remember I wonder why) with a casual tolerance to opiates. You’ll probably be ight but it is a deadly combination, read more."
2153,Thank you JJ?,What’s a “dripped out” dude? I imagined someone sick lol
2154,What’s a “dripped out” dude? I imagined someone sick lol,Like he got da drip 💧
2155,What’s a “dripped out” dude? I imagined someone sick lol,Dripped out is like...swagged out lol
2156,What’s a “dripped out” dude? I imagined someone sick lol,Like a nose drip ain’t it
2157,Like a nose drip ain’t it,It means he's dressed well
2158,It means he's dressed well,"Thank you, that’s not what I was visualizing!"
2159,Thank you JJ?,"Samples to drum up some biz are always good. Hopefully it will remain that way, but don't be shocked if the quality dips."
2160,"Samples to drum up some biz are always good. Hopefully it will remain that way, but don't be shocked if the quality dips.",Or he offers it to the wrong person and gets hot
2161,Thank you JJ?,God I would LOVE if that happened to me.
2162,Thank you JJ?,That's how they get you.. that half of gram of girl
2163,Thank you JJ?,In my experience guys like this in some cases can be all about dazzling you and run just as cold as hot with the Surprises and demand that you repay any favors when they drop the ball.
2164,In my experience guys like this in some cases can be all about dazzling you and run just as cold as hot with the Surprises and demand that you repay any favors when they drop the ball.,"Yeah, my dad used to be bad about giving people a shit ton of drugs, then showing up randomly to collect money from them."
2165,Thank you JJ?,[deleted]
2166,[deleted],"Girl is blow (cocaine);
Boy is heroin 

Raw means high quality/fire"
2167,"Girl is blow (cocaine);
Boy is heroin 

Raw means high quality/fire",Was the boy that real raw or did it have fetty
2168,"Girl is blow (cocaine);
Boy is heroin 

Raw means high quality/fire","i'm about to commit major folk etymology here but I think the names are from a straight man's perspective. 'girl' would be the drug you use to make it easier to have fun with your girl, and boy would be one of the drugs you use to chill with your boy-friends.

i hope I'm wrong... but"
2169,"i'm about to commit major folk etymology here but I think the names are from a straight man's perspective. 'girl' would be the drug you use to make it easier to have fun with your girl, and boy would be one of the drugs you use to chill with your boy-friends.

i hope I'm wrong... but","Girl is yay, Boy is H. Sexual preference has nothing to do with it."
2170,"i'm about to commit major folk etymology here but I think the names are from a straight man's perspective. 'girl' would be the drug you use to make it easier to have fun with your girl, and boy would be one of the drugs you use to chill with your boy-friends.

i hope I'm wrong... but","Nah i think it just comes from coke being called ""white girl"" as a slang/code word."
2171,Thank you JJ?,"Junkie Jesus must have been born on 10/6 because today was Christmas for you!!!!!!!  Good stuff!!!

Recently I had my guy when I was sick offer me a ""sample"" of a new batch he picked up. It wound up being like a 1.5 !!

I was like holy shit wow thats a huge amount ............unfortunately that batch was not bomb as usual, a 6/10.

A GOOD PLUG IS HARD TO FIND.  ITS A BLESS AND A CURSE THAT I HAVE 3 AWESOME PLUGS WITH GREAT STUFF WHO PROVIDE CREDIT like up to like $280 (7 buns worth, I pay 40$ each bun) AND ALL ARE WITHIN A 45 MINUTE DRIVE  ( I LIVE IN THE MOST POPULOUS NON BOROUGH COUNTY OF THE LARGEST STATE IN THE TRI STATE AREA FOR REFERENCE)

&#x200B;

But good for you today, that must have felt so fucking good!!!!!"
2172,"Junkie Jesus must have been born on 10/6 because today was Christmas for you!!!!!!!  Good stuff!!!

Recently I had my guy when I was sick offer me a ""sample"" of a new batch he picked up. It wound up being like a 1.5 !!

I was like holy shit wow thats a huge amount ............unfortunately that batch was not bomb as usual, a 6/10.

A GOOD PLUG IS HARD TO FIND.  ITS A BLESS AND A CURSE THAT I HAVE 3 AWESOME PLUGS WITH GREAT STUFF WHO PROVIDE CREDIT like up to like $280 (7 buns worth, I pay 40$ each bun) AND ALL ARE WITHIN A 45 MINUTE DRIVE  ( I LIVE IN THE MOST POPULOUS NON BOROUGH COUNTY OF THE LARGEST STATE IN THE TRI STATE AREA FOR REFERENCE)

&#x200B;

But good for you today, that must have felt so fucking good!!!!!","Weird, usually $40/bun comes from the second most populous stare in the tri state area lol. The most populous one is almost always $80-$100/bun"
2173,Thank you JJ?,ASL please
2174,Thank you JJ?,I need this JESUS in my life
2175,Thank you JJ?,Samples have saved me from withdrawal so many times in the past.
2176,Thank you JJ?,"Honestly I was such a pussy in my using days I never learned the difference between boy and girl, what is the slang exactly?"
2177,"Honestly I was such a pussy in my using days I never learned the difference between boy and girl, what is the slang exactly?",Whoops answered below... I’ll leave it up for posterity so everyone can call me a bitch
2178,Thank you JJ?,"Location, location, location"
2179,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",Why does the tractor supply store have rigs?
2180,Why does the tractor supply store have rigs?,For giving cows medicine. The smallest ones were an inch long and 22 guage. I'm used to 31 guage 6 mm
2181,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",I would be surprised if you'd have much difficulty buying them online from those states. Have you ever tried?
2182,I would be surprised if you'd have much difficulty buying them online from those states. Have you ever tried?,Yeah I did that last time but I have none rn cause my last one broke and that takes a week to get here. There's an exchange like an hour away but not open today
2183,Yeah I did that last time but I have none rn cause my last one broke and that takes a week to get here. There's an exchange like an hour away but not open today,"Cool, was just curious because I had never heard of anyone actually having trouble with that. I'm not going to be any help with local options in these states, sorry"
2184,"Cool, was just curious because I had never heard of anyone actually having trouble with that. I'm not going to be any help with local options in these states, sorry",Yeah I've never had an issue with this before but I recently moved to the south.
2185,Yeah I've never had an issue with this before but I recently moved to the south.,"Yeah, i know how that goes. I'm on the border of two southern states and i have only successfully bought them locally a few times despite them being 100% legal in both those states. Everywhere is super hit or miss except the Wal-Marts in one city near me."
2186,"Yeah, i know how that goes. I'm on the border of two southern states and i have only successfully bought them locally a few times despite them being 100% legal in both those states. Everywhere is super hit or miss except the Wal-Marts in one city near me.","I think Walmart leaves it up to the pharmacy manager. I bought them easily from the larger walmart in my town up until a month ago and there was a new manager there. Could have been a coincidence tho.

Cant stand those do gooding attempts. They have to realize they're doing more harm than good at this point"
2187,"I think Walmart leaves it up to the pharmacy manager. I bought them easily from the larger walmart in my town up until a month ago and there was a new manager there. Could have been a coincidence tho.

Cant stand those do gooding attempts. They have to realize they're doing more harm than good at this point","Yeah, it very much depends on who checks you out or which pharmacist is working that day.

I give the ones who have denied me a lot of shit for being so self-righteous"
2188,"Yeah, i know how that goes. I'm on the border of two southern states and i have only successfully bought them locally a few times despite them being 100% legal in both those states. Everywhere is super hit or miss except the Wal-Marts in one city near me.","Idk where to even try here, cause you need a script but maybe some sell them anyway?"
2189,"Idk where to even try here, cause you need a script but maybe some sell them anyway?","Honestly, no clue. Go on something like whisper and ask? Try to find a junkie or diabetic? I think finding an individual who has them over a store is more likely to be easier."
2190,Yeah I did that last time but I have none rn cause my last one broke and that takes a week to get here. There's an exchange like an hour away but not open today,You can get same day or next day delivery from Amazon
2191,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",Damn I didn't know that any states required a prescription thats fucked. Great way to perpetuate disease
2192,Damn I didn't know that any states required a prescription thats fucked. Great way to perpetuate disease,"For real though, I just blead out all over using a cow syringe from tractor supply, probably doing a lot of damage too"
2193,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?","Bro in the south it’s super easy. I know you aren’t supposed to list cities, but I thought most all states in the south were easy to get them. 

I mean Walgreens out of all places used to let me get them for years until the meth heads in town ruined it for everyone. Walmart has never turned me down but you have to get a box of 100, but it’s like $8. 

Good luck man. Be careful and don’t do some dumb shit if you can’t get one bro."
2194,"Bro in the south it’s super easy. I know you aren’t supposed to list cities, but I thought most all states in the south were easy to get them. 

I mean Walgreens out of all places used to let me get them for years until the meth heads in town ruined it for everyone. Walmart has never turned me down but you have to get a box of 100, but it’s like $8. 

Good luck man. Be careful and don’t do some dumb shit if you can’t get one bro.",Word thanks. I bought one from soemoen but gonna need to find more soon
2195,Word thanks. I bought one from soemoen but gonna need to find more soon,"Go to Walmart and ask for “U100 30 Gauge Long or short INSULIN SYRINGES”. It makes you sound diabetic. Just trust me it should work out if you say exactly that. If they ask questions say you left your insulin at the hotel, your from out of town. They should ask though as long as you get a whole box (10 bags of 10)."
2196,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?","I'm from Texas and it's fucking impossible to get OTC rigs but if you go to the ghetto where the open air drug market is and ask around, chances are likely someone can point you to a corner store that sells them under the counter by word of mouth only. There's a couple stores around where I used to score that sell rigs for $2 each. Ask for a point."
2197,"I'm from Texas and it's fucking impossible to get OTC rigs but if you go to the ghetto where the open air drug market is and ask around, chances are likely someone can point you to a corner store that sells them under the counter by word of mouth only. There's a couple stores around where I used to score that sell rigs for $2 each. Ask for a point.",I live next to the projects but there's no stores around here. Someone at the shady motel gave me one yesterday but the tip broke last night cause I have alligator skin apparently lol.
2198,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",Have you tried googling places that give them out for free. Its a harm reduction thing.
2199,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",i would check for needle exchanges?  I've been in places that don't allow you to buy at pharmacies but did have exchanges in the area.
2200,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?","Everybody says Walgreens but you might have better luck trying mom n pop pharmacies. I have never had luck at Walgreens but people say they will sell em by the box. I’m in Florida it sucks here but luckily my old roommate is a diabetic. In the whole county there was one Publix that sold them but they recently stopped. I swear it’s like they want us to get hep c or HIV. 
You might have to go the online route."
2201,"Everybody says Walgreens but you might have better luck trying mom n pop pharmacies. I have never had luck at Walgreens but people say they will sell em by the box. I’m in Florida it sucks here but luckily my old roommate is a diabetic. In the whole county there was one Publix that sold them but they recently stopped. I swear it’s like they want us to get hep c or HIV. 
You might have to go the online route.","When I went on vacation on FL I was able to get them at a Walgreens, I just happened to get lucky, I wasn't sure if it would work out the same in TN."
2202,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",I go to any mom and pop shop. I tell them my aunt is down here visiting and didn’t bring enough syringes for her insulin.
2203,I go to any mom and pop shop. I tell them my aunt is down here visiting and didn’t bring enough syringes for her insulin.,Have you had that work?
2204,Have you had that work?,"Three separate times. Although, I did use three different shops. After this last lot is used up I’ll order online because there aren’t many mom and pops around and that story won’t really work more than once."
2205,"People who live in states that you need a script for rigs, where do you get them? Any ideas? Petco?",Pretty sure wal greens has a policy to sell em no matter what state
2206,Pretty sure wal greens has a policy to sell em no matter what state,I'll have to check that out. Thanks.
2207,Pretty sure wal greens has a policy to sell em no matter what state,I'll have to check that out. Thanks.
2208,Tramadol- any comedown from 100-150mg?,"Yes, that would be a good dose to start with, 150mg. No, you will not experience any type of side effects with this dose, nor would you if you took more and, especially because you have no opiate tolerance.

Tramadol is a nice, synthetic opiate with SSRI properties so it will lift any lingering depression you might have as well. It's a great drug in my opinion, especially for withdrawal!"
2209,"Yes, that would be a good dose to start with, 150mg. No, you will not experience any type of side effects with this dose, nor would you if you took more and, especially because you have no opiate tolerance.

Tramadol is a nice, synthetic opiate with SSRI properties so it will lift any lingering depression you might have as well. It's a great drug in my opinion, especially for withdrawal!","Thanks for the info! I'm surprised it wouldn't give any after effects though. Sounds too good to be true haha. 

I think I'll start with 100mg and see how I feel. Thanks"
2210,Tramadol- any comedown from 100-150mg?,Sleeping is amazing on Trama. I remember when I used to fall asleep it was so fucking cozy and wonderful
2211,Sleeping is amazing on Trama. I remember when I used to fall asleep it was so fucking cozy and wonderful,Unless you overdo it then it’s speedy and trippy. No deep sleep. Hard to get a nod.
2212,Is the that fent?,"99% of the time ""china"" is a fent analog."
2213,Is the that fent?,Sounds fucking tasty
2214,Sounds fucking tasty,So just sounds like some good?
2215,Is the that fent?,"Color means literally nothing unless it's something weird like bright blue or green, or like shiny all white. Otherwise it could be literally anything but most likely just some inert cut that was done shitty. 

To know if u have fent u need to either test it with some testing strips or go by how it feels. But if it's got brown spots, usually means it's at least got SOME real dope in it... otherwise just sounds like just some shotty cut then as real dope can range from off white to dark brown/black and everything in between. Is it bitter when u taste it? Does it have a vinegar or acetone smell at all? Those are good things to have in ur dope. If it has no smell or tastes sweet then u prob have fent but again cuts can be deceiving and some shitty dealers try and make their product look like real dope when it's just some random brown cut, fent analogue and white vinegar sprayed on top. U just never kno these days."
2216,"Color means literally nothing unless it's something weird like bright blue or green, or like shiny all white. Otherwise it could be literally anything but most likely just some inert cut that was done shitty. 

To know if u have fent u need to either test it with some testing strips or go by how it feels. But if it's got brown spots, usually means it's at least got SOME real dope in it... otherwise just sounds like just some shotty cut then as real dope can range from off white to dark brown/black and everything in between. Is it bitter when u taste it? Does it have a vinegar or acetone smell at all? Those are good things to have in ur dope. If it has no smell or tastes sweet then u prob have fent but again cuts can be deceiving and some shitty dealers try and make their product look like real dope when it's just some random brown cut, fent analogue and white vinegar sprayed on top. U just never kno these days.",Yes it has bitter taste on tongue and close to a tar taste when I smoke
2217,Sandoz 80mg Oxycodone ER Bypass?,"for the last time, the film IS NOT THE ER MECHANISM!  IT'S BUILT IN TO THE PILL!!!     how can you think a thin film would be the ER mechanism when the stomach will dissolve it?"
2218,"for the last time, the film IS NOT THE ER MECHANISM!  IT'S BUILT IN TO THE PILL!!!     how can you think a thin film would be the ER mechanism when the stomach will dissolve it?",It hit me pretty fast intranasally. Could you explain how the ER mechanism works please?
2219,It hit me pretty fast intranasally. Could you explain how the ER mechanism works please?,"crushing the pill bypasses it, not just removing the green film. i find orally the cola method works best. 

some say snorting is a waste as it's 50% BA only,  others say the BA is the same  orally and snorting.   personally i found snorting to be underwhelming, i preferred orally   but my tolerance was pretty big"
2220,"for the last time, the film IS NOT THE ER MECHANISM!  IT'S BUILT IN TO THE PILL!!!     how can you think a thin film would be the ER mechanism when the stomach will dissolve it?","Thank fuck someone said this before I do! It fucking baffles me how people think the coating is the ER mechanism, when you take it whole it's the first part of the pill to be digested. The lack of logic blows my mind!"
2221,Sandoz 80mg Oxycodone ER Bypass?,It comes off easy bro use a alcohol swabs or a suck on it
2222,It comes off easy bro use a alcohol swabs or a suck on it,"Nice one, looks like I'm heading for quick nod"
2223,Sandoz 80mg Oxycodone ER Bypass?,"they are just like the original OC's dude, are you kidding? Wipe or scrape off coating and there you got your pressed Oxycodone with fillers - crush and either eat or snort (eating would be smart due to exceptionally high bioavailability for an opioid, but snorting hits you faster)"
2224,Sandoz 80mg Oxycodone ER Bypass?,Just peel it off very easy
2225,Sandoz 80mg Oxycodone ER Bypass?,I feel like this is a lost art. I see so many posts on how to do this. Did it all the time back in the day. Sadly not anymore...
2226,Methadone recreational value?,Yeah 80mg is a gud amount
2227,Methadone recreational value?,Yeh first time i did metha i did120mg and was fucccked
2228,Methadone recreational value?,"The high isn't that amazing, but it's not bad either. I snort Methadone (apparently it has zero B/A internasaly but I dunno, I feel something.) regularly and it gives me a rush of energy for a short while then mellows out and makes me feel chill n' happy. Be careful though, it lasts forever and chasing a high can get dangerous rq."
2229,"The high isn't that amazing, but it's not bad either. I snort Methadone (apparently it has zero B/A internasaly but I dunno, I feel something.) regularly and it gives me a rush of energy for a short while then mellows out and makes me feel chill n' happy. Be careful though, it lasts forever and chasing a high can get dangerous rq.",You're probably feeling the effects of whatever bits of methadone make it into your throat that you swallow.  Just a guess. Im not a rocket surgeon
2230,You're probably feeling the effects of whatever bits of methadone make it into your throat that you swallow.  Just a guess. Im not a rocket surgeon,"Could be, maybe I'm just imagining it 🤔. I find it enjoyable either way, different than popping them but both are good imo."
2231,Can a rig with blood in it be recooked and reused if missed?,"You mean if it's old? No. I mean, if you miss and then a second later hit, that's fine. But otherwise no. Absolutely not. The bacteria...you're risking your life."
2232,Can a rig with blood in it be recooked and reused if missed?,"You dont want to cook any blood, no matter if the blood is new or old.  When you re cook a shot that has blood in it the blood part will cook and turn a darker, almost brown color just like a hamburger would. Just re filter it and the blood thats started coagulating will get filtered with the cotton filter.

Now if ur talking about a loaded rig that you tried to shoot but ended up with lots of blood, then you put it a somewhere and found it a day/week later, then no i wouldnt inject that shit.  You could refilter it and squirt it in your nose and be fine, but if u try to shoot it youll get horrible cotton fever or even end up in the emergency room or dead even."
2233,"You dont want to cook any blood, no matter if the blood is new or old.  When you re cook a shot that has blood in it the blood part will cook and turn a darker, almost brown color just like a hamburger would. Just re filter it and the blood thats started coagulating will get filtered with the cotton filter.

Now if ur talking about a loaded rig that you tried to shoot but ended up with lots of blood, then you put it a somewhere and found it a day/week later, then no i wouldnt inject that shit.  You could refilter it and squirt it in your nose and be fine, but if u try to shoot it youll get horrible cotton fever or even end up in the emergency room or dead even.","The answer I was looking for, thanks. So no cooking just filter it and maybe add some clean water"
2234,"The answer I was looking for, thanks. So no cooking just filter it and maybe add some clean water",Yeah if it starts coagulating then squirt it out in a spoon or something and refilter. Ill sometimes draw like 5 or 10 units of water up too so its not as thick or as dark so I can see it register better
2235,"You dont want to cook any blood, no matter if the blood is new or old.  When you re cook a shot that has blood in it the blood part will cook and turn a darker, almost brown color just like a hamburger would. Just re filter it and the blood thats started coagulating will get filtered with the cotton filter.

Now if ur talking about a loaded rig that you tried to shoot but ended up with lots of blood, then you put it a somewhere and found it a day/week later, then no i wouldnt inject that shit.  You could refilter it and squirt it in your nose and be fine, but if u try to shoot it youll get horrible cotton fever or even end up in the emergency room or dead even.","I must just be lucky 

tbf I would never recommend anyone do it either it was sketch"
2236,Can a rig with blood in it be recooked and reused if missed?,No. Idc what anyone says don't do it. Your arm is more valuable than that high bro
2237,No. Idc what anyone says don't do it. Your arm is more valuable than that high bro,bro 😎💪
2238,bro 😎💪,Broooo💪💪💪💪
2239,Help?,I don’t know if I’d risk taking any that’s very low
2240,I don’t know if I’d risk taking any that’s very low,"I didn't even get high this time, I did, but not the same droopy high as the first time.  I took the other one a week ago.  No way I have a tolerance, right?"
2241,"I didn't even get high this time, I did, but not the same droopy high as the first time.  I took the other one a week ago.  No way I have a tolerance, right?",It’s very possible benzos have a really easy tolerance barrier that’s not hard to get used to them
2242,It’s very possible benzos have a really easy tolerance barrier that’s not hard to get used to them,"OP took Vicodin not a benzo. I personally would not think that was a huge deal, probably just your anxiety fuxking with you. 7.5 mg of Vicodin is a very low dose of opiate and shouldn't cause any serious respiration problems unless you have a preexisting condition.

And as fall of a tolerance after using Vicodin 2 times over the span of a week or more, again this is just my opinion, but no you shouldn't have developed a tolerance that quick. One rule of thumb for opiates is that nothing is ever like the first time. I have spent 12 years chasing and trying to achieve the way I felt the first time I got high but its just not achievable. 

Also with a low dose like you have taken several things could change the effects such as how much you have eaten each time and other little variables that can cause you to feel more or less high"
2243,"OP took Vicodin not a benzo. I personally would not think that was a huge deal, probably just your anxiety fuxking with you. 7.5 mg of Vicodin is a very low dose of opiate and shouldn't cause any serious respiration problems unless you have a preexisting condition.

And as fall of a tolerance after using Vicodin 2 times over the span of a week or more, again this is just my opinion, but no you shouldn't have developed a tolerance that quick. One rule of thumb for opiates is that nothing is ever like the first time. I have spent 12 years chasing and trying to achieve the way I felt the first time I got high but its just not achievable. 

Also with a low dose like you have taken several things could change the effects such as how much you have eaten each time and other little variables that can cause you to feel more or less high",I was very tired and thinking of vallium not Vicodin my bad
2244,Help?,"I have a naturally low heart rate of 50-55 resting.

When I take opiates it can drop down to 35-40...when I first found out, I set off the bradycardia alarm in the ER and 2 nurses ran in looking panicked. I have to explain it any time I'm getting painkillers in the hospital ahead of time so they don't try and cut me off.

Took a while to get used to the feeling of it being so low on opiates, but I've never had any problems. (Besides anxiety)

Just be careful getting up quickly, etc when your rate is that low. You don't want to faint and crack your head open."
2245,Help?,Just checked again and it was at 57
2246,Just checked again and it was at 57,"Isn't 60 bpm an ideal rate?

Edit: The American Heart Association says the average resting heart rate is 60-100 bpm. Google it.

So why does 57 bpm worry you???"
2247,"Isn't 60 bpm an ideal rate?

Edit: The American Heart Association says the average resting heart rate is 60-100 bpm. Google it.

So why does 57 bpm worry you???","Anxiety, and bc it's under 60"
2248,Help?,"I am glad that you want to minimise Risk ! May I ask , did you take anything before ? Are you intoxicated right now ? If not you have nothing to worry about :)"
2249,"I am glad that you want to minimise Risk ! May I ask , did you take anything before ? Are you intoxicated right now ? If not you have nothing to worry about :)","I'm not intoxicated or anything, are you certain? Because Vicodin lowers your heart rate, doesn't it?"
2250,"I am glad that you want to minimise Risk ! May I ask , did you take anything before ? Are you intoxicated right now ? If not you have nothing to worry about :)","Oh, but I haven't smoked cigs or Vaped today just because I'm quitting for a week just to prove to a friend that it's very easy and to show I'm not addicted to it lol, idk of that could mess with my bpm

Edit: also on pantoprazole for acid reflux, idk if that is important"
2251,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",Pop half Do NOT take the full unless you wanna get sick as fuck and not enjoy the high.
2252,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?","Definetly swallow ! Oxy has the highest bioavailability when taken orally . Snorting is just a lil faster , but it’s bad for your nose . I would go with chew half really good & see how you feel , you can always take more the next time"
2253,"Definetly swallow ! Oxy has the highest bioavailability when taken orally . Snorting is just a lil faster , but it’s bad for your nose . I would go with chew half really good & see how you feel , you can always take more the next time",Should I split it in half and swallow it or the whole thing?
2254,Should I split it in half and swallow it or the whole thing?,Is it instant release or extended?
2255,Is it instant release or extended?,IR
2256,"Definetly swallow ! Oxy has the highest bioavailability when taken orally . Snorting is just a lil faster , but it’s bad for your nose . I would go with chew half really good & see how you feel , you can always take more the next time",How is oxy compared to Dilaudid orally. Like how much oxy will it take to be more effective than 20mg oral Dilaudid?
2257,How is oxy compared to Dilaudid orally. Like how much oxy will it take to be more effective than 20mg oral Dilaudid?,Dilaudids are better to shoot as opposed to sniffing... the bioavailability isn’t much for sniffing a dilaudid
2258,Dilaudids are better to shoot as opposed to sniffing... the bioavailability isn’t much for sniffing a dilaudid,"That’s incorrect, the bio availability is high IV but it is very low orally. They are very effective intranasal (snorted)"
2259,"That’s incorrect, the bio availability is high IV but it is very low orally. They are very effective intranasal (snorted)",I just said they’re better to shoot
2260,"That’s incorrect, the bio availability is high IV but it is very low orally. They are very effective intranasal (snorted)",If you’re going to sniff it tho it’s best to crush it and make it into 4/5 lines every 15 minutes as opposed to just one fat one
2261,Dilaudids are better to shoot as opposed to sniffing... the bioavailability isn’t much for sniffing a dilaudid,Dilaudid that is
2262,"Definetly swallow ! Oxy has the highest bioavailability when taken orally . Snorting is just a lil faster , but it’s bad for your nose . I would go with chew half really good & see how you feel , you can always take more the next time",I have been sniffing blues for 8 years and never once had a problem with my nose... unlike blow that messes up my nose the blues are clean you shouldn’t have issues with your nose unless they’re fake
2263,I have been sniffing blues for 8 years and never once had a problem with my nose... unlike blow that messes up my nose the blues are clean you shouldn’t have issues with your nose unless they’re fake,True. Oxy is very gentle for the nose
2264,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",Make sure it’s real first.
2265,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",Boof that shit.
2266,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",I have a script for 180 a month so no they’re not pressed and the person who gave me my first one goes to the same dr I do so it came right out of the bottle.. I never said you said it was fentanyl I’m getting at 30mg of oxy isn’t very much
2267,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",Sniff the whole thing 100%
2268,Sniff the whole thing 100%,With no tolerance? Shit advice.
2269,With no tolerance? Shit advice.,Snorting was the shit advice. Fat waste of oxy.
2270,Snorting was the shit advice. Fat waste of oxy.,Common wrong knowledge. Nasal BA is as high as oral BA.
2271,Snorting was the shit advice. Fat waste of oxy.,There have bee studies showing that oxycodone Bioavailability is actually 75% snorted rather than 50% and tbh snorting is good too because you actually get a rush rather then oral. Both are viable options for oxycodone.
2272,There have bee studies showing that oxycodone Bioavailability is actually 75% snorted rather than 50% and tbh snorting is good too because you actually get a rush rather then oral. Both are viable options for oxycodone.,Go ahead and link that study.
2273,Go ahead and link that study.,"https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/d39w4i/oxycodone_study_says_intranasal_ba_is_75/

Here we go :)"
2274,"https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/d39w4i/oxycodone_study_says_intranasal_ba_is_75/

Here we go :)","I love to read. 
I appreciate it fam"
2275,"https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/d39w4i/oxycodone_study_says_intranasal_ba_is_75/

Here we go :)",Thank you for linking this!
2276,Go ahead and link that study.,I'll try to find it but I read it on here a couple weeks ago it's been posted here a few times. Let me look.
2277,I'll try to find it but I read it on here a couple weeks ago it's been posted here a few times. Let me look.,"You downvoted me and that’s ok but I’ll wait for you to find this study

When you do I’ll definitely read it"
2278,"You downvoted me and that’s ok but I’ll wait for you to find this study

When you do I’ll definitely read it","I can't  find it but basically it said that studies have been found that oxycodone has a 75% internal bioavailability. I'm not gonna keep looking for it but that's just what I read I'm sure if you scroll through this sub long enough you'll find it.

Edit: yeah my bad idk why I downvoted you so heres a silver"
2279,"I can't  find it but basically it said that studies have been found that oxycodone has a 75% internal bioavailability. I'm not gonna keep looking for it but that's just what I read I'm sure if you scroll through this sub long enough you'll find it.

Edit: yeah my bad idk why I downvoted you so heres a silver",The ole punch and hug lol
2280,The ole punch and hug lol,I found it. Just scroll up.
2281,With no tolerance? Shit advice.,How so? The first time I ever did one I did it that one and my girl and the person that I got it from from also said that’s what he did so I’m not sure how it’s shit...it’s 30mg of oxycodone not fucking fentanyl
2282,How so? The first time I ever did one I did it that one and my girl and the person that I got it from from also said that’s what he did so I’m not sure how it’s shit...it’s 30mg of oxycodone not fucking fentanyl,I never said it was fent? Where did I say that? Hes gonna get sick as fuck with no tolerance snorting 30 mg. Idc if you didnt get sick you either got presses or got lucky because 30 mg is a lot for someone with no tolerance. So shit advice. 15 mg at most for a dose with no tolerance.
2283,How so? The first time I ever did one I did it that one and my girl and the person that I got it from from also said that’s what he did so I’m not sure how it’s shit...it’s 30mg of oxycodone not fucking fentanyl,Hence why you're getting downvoted by everyone
2284,Hence why you're getting downvoted by everyone,Ya everyone...you and one other person lmao
2285,"First time Oxy30, swallow half or snort half?",Snort it all
2286,How many days can you take subs with out feeling wds from them when you stop?,I don’t understand your question if your an active addict and you switch to subs you will withdrawal if you stop taking them just as you would on heroin. If you aren’t a junkie there’s really no reason to take subs more than once in a while for a high that just makes you want regular opiates anyway. But if you’ve already been taking them anywhere from a few days to a week +  of taking them everyday will you begin to feel withdrawal. The thing about it is it’s hard to gauge if your withdrawing from something if your not already knee deep in an addiction. I didn’t think I had any withdrawals at all the first few months of doing tons of perks everyday most days it was almost a year before I could recognize I was in clear cut withdrawal. Times before that I’d feel funky or lethargic but I wouldn’t attribute it to withdrawal but looking back i know now it was the beginning  of wds
2287,How many days can you take subs with out feeling wds from them when you stop?,Like half a day
2288,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,"I've never noticed any difference between brands, aside from appearance. some people swear they feel different but I genuinely think it's placebo."
2289,"I've never noticed any difference between brands, aside from appearance. some people swear they feel different but I genuinely think it's placebo.",Yeah.  Kinda what I was thinking or hoping anyway..
2290,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,A215 hands down
2291,A215 hands down,As all day
2292,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,"So, it used to be said that the M Box 30s were the bomb. The ones to have as they were stronger. I called bullshit on it because I figured the rules were the rules and they all had to have exactly 30mg in them no matter what. 

Then I found out that there is something like a 2% variance allowed either way. So a given pill could have something like 28mg up to 32mg. I forget the allowable percentage of variation...not sure about he 2% but nonetheless, once I found out about it then it was feasible that one brand might have more oxy per pill than another. Now, whether that variation would be enough to notice or not, I don't know. But 2% adds up across a few pills.."
2293,"So, it used to be said that the M Box 30s were the bomb. The ones to have as they were stronger. I called bullshit on it because I figured the rules were the rules and they all had to have exactly 30mg in them no matter what. 

Then I found out that there is something like a 2% variance allowed either way. So a given pill could have something like 28mg up to 32mg. I forget the allowable percentage of variation...not sure about he 2% but nonetheless, once I found out about it then it was feasible that one brand might have more oxy per pill than another. Now, whether that variation would be enough to notice or not, I don't know. But 2% adds up across a few pills..","Well if it’s 2% variance, the pill is 30mg, then there would be a 0.6mg variation. So you could have 29.4mg and all the way up to 30.6mg.    

Unless there was a 0.2 Variance. This would mean 20% and would make the pill have a 6mg variation in the 30s. This is highly unlikely that a pill is off almost 1/4th the weight in mg so i am going to say placeebs"
2294,"So, it used to be said that the M Box 30s were the bomb. The ones to have as they were stronger. I called bullshit on it because I figured the rules were the rules and they all had to have exactly 30mg in them no matter what. 

Then I found out that there is something like a 2% variance allowed either way. So a given pill could have something like 28mg up to 32mg. I forget the allowable percentage of variation...not sure about he 2% but nonetheless, once I found out about it then it was feasible that one brand might have more oxy per pill than another. Now, whether that variation would be enough to notice or not, I don't know. But 2% adds up across a few pills..",Interesting..  I remember reading the same about oxycontin and the generics abg's etc back in the day.
2295,"So, it used to be said that the M Box 30s were the bomb. The ones to have as they were stronger. I called bullshit on it because I figured the rules were the rules and they all had to have exactly 30mg in them no matter what. 

Then I found out that there is something like a 2% variance allowed either way. So a given pill could have something like 28mg up to 32mg. I forget the allowable percentage of variation...not sure about he 2% but nonetheless, once I found out about it then it was feasible that one brand might have more oxy per pill than another. Now, whether that variation would be enough to notice or not, I don't know. But 2% adds up across a few pills..","At one point M boxes were on the weaker end of the scale. But like someone else said its literally like a half a mg difference.

As to answer the OP question.. When smoking them I preferred M boxes because they ran down the foil the best. For snorting or shooting I preferred the V cut or A215. All in all unless you're smoking them they shouldn't really be very different. Apart from the 114 and 224 which both have a shit ton more powder"
2296,"So, it used to be said that the M Box 30s were the bomb. The ones to have as they were stronger. I called bullshit on it because I figured the rules were the rules and they all had to have exactly 30mg in them no matter what. 

Then I found out that there is something like a 2% variance allowed either way. So a given pill could have something like 28mg up to 32mg. I forget the allowable percentage of variation...not sure about he 2% but nonetheless, once I found out about it then it was feasible that one brand might have more oxy per pill than another. Now, whether that variation would be enough to notice or not, I don't know. But 2% adds up across a few pills..",Yea funny because it's more powder .. When I look bacj on it .. I never liked Ms I loved As
2297,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,"if you snort then yea it matters. some people like more powder some people like less powder, so you could have a preference on the size of the pill. they use different fillers or different amounts of them which alters the sensation of it going up your nose and the taste of the drip etc. so youll have a preference there. like someone already said theres an allowable 2 or 3 mg + or - on each pill so its entirely possible certain brands could tend to be on the low side and others on the high end. theres also placebo, if you really believe its the best it probably will be. none of em slap like an e8 imo"
2298,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,I love the As A215 is my favorite.. I love the taste.. I used to love As when I was addicted but I been clean from buying everyday dependent vs now where I might do some every couple months whike visiting rhe family.. Now I don't notice rhe difference meaning 30mg is 30mg to me .
2299,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,"Just grabbed a couple A215's to try now.
So far between the Mbox, E8's and K9's I am not feeling a noticeable difference.."
2300,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,"Everyone around here loves the E8's for whatever reason. Bleh, it changes all the time."
2301,Best 30's ? or does it even matter,T 189
2302,Tips for hiding it when you’re high?,In my experience you just have to learn how to ignore the hard feelings from those close to you. If we were talking about strangers maybe it would be easier to hide but with people close to you it can be almost impossible. Just my 2 cents.
2303,Tips for hiding it when you’re high?,"if you make it a decade or 2 of using, you won't have to worry bout hiding it because the dope barely does anything after years n years.

And at least ur mom doesn't know to just look at ur pupil size. Once she figures out that trick hiding it is all over."
2304,"if you make it a decade or 2 of using, you won't have to worry bout hiding it because the dope barely does anything after years n years.

And at least ur mom doesn't know to just look at ur pupil size. Once she figures out that trick hiding it is all over.",It truly does just become what most people consider feeling normal. When I got clean for 4 months after using for like 10 years straight my friends and family didn't even recognize my voice over the phone because I had had the opiate voice box every single day for a decade.
2305,"if you make it a decade or 2 of using, you won't have to worry bout hiding it because the dope barely does anything after years n years.

And at least ur mom doesn't know to just look at ur pupil size. Once she figures out that trick hiding it is all over.","Ohh man, mine will be like “show me your pupils!!” as well. Also, my arms are a dead giveaway, but I can’t bring myself to snorting full time"
2306,"Ohh man, mine will be like “show me your pupils!!” as well. Also, my arms are a dead giveaway, but I can’t bring myself to snorting full time",Yup. But at least eventually if you keep with it long enough youll have so many tracks that you can just blame it as old marks. Give it a decade or two and new pokes will just blend right in
2307,Tips for hiding it when you’re high?,My voice is a dead giveaway. Anyone who knows me well at all like my family or girlfriend know instantly because of how much deeper my voice gets. And I am super monotone when high.
2308,My voice is a dead giveaway. Anyone who knows me well at all like my family or girlfriend know instantly because of how much deeper my voice gets. And I am super monotone when high.,Haha the monotone voice it what gives me away.  That and the pupil size.
2309,Oxy powder?,Probably both fentanyl. Oxycodone is expensive and hard to source. Fentanyl is already produced by mexico and china.
2310,Oxy powder?,"I’d bet my car it’s not real oxy powder.. and I doubt it’s pure fent since they’d just sell it as such. If I were to bet, I’d say it’s likely fent cut with whatever... and likely pure garbage"
2311,Oxy powder?,"My Shortec’s are wonderful, wispy, fluffy and fantastic Oxy powder, as soon as I pour it out of the capsule.

However it would take some patience and a lot of my 20’s to make a substantial amount of powder look impressive."
2312,Oxy powder?,Is it like RC chemicals ?
2313,Oxy powder?,"UGH FUCK MAN

I got here by checking up on you from your venting post. Dude, what happened to the iboga treatment you had planned. 

Think about your children and wives faces. Now about the risks you’re taking.  Then think about their faces if one of them find you overdosed at gone. Or if you die from an OD regardless. People love, look up to, and count on you. Your decisions not only affect you and your mental health, but their lives as well, forever."
2314,"UGH FUCK MAN

I got here by checking up on you from your venting post. Dude, what happened to the iboga treatment you had planned. 

Think about your children and wives faces. Now about the risks you’re taking.  Then think about their faces if one of them find you overdosed at gone. Or if you die from an OD regardless. People love, look up to, and count on you. Your decisions not only affect you and your mental health, but their lives as well, forever.","Hey thanks for posting this.  Which vent post?  The one spelling out how I got here?  

The ibogaine treatment is still happening but in December.  But you’re right I’m not going to fuck with any presses.  I’m going to stick to the script pills I have and seriously and strictly taper down then get on kadian until Ibogaine.  

I did cut back drinking dramatically which feels great this past week.  And I am committing to a 25 day taper down to 60mg then jump off completely and leverage kadian.

Thanks for following up.  I do think of my kids and wife daily, hourly even.  And that is what is making this so crucial for me to do.  Thanks again"
2315,"Hey thanks for posting this.  Which vent post?  The one spelling out how I got here?  

The ibogaine treatment is still happening but in December.  But you’re right I’m not going to fuck with any presses.  I’m going to stick to the script pills I have and seriously and strictly taper down then get on kadian until Ibogaine.  

I did cut back drinking dramatically which feels great this past week.  And I am committing to a 25 day taper down to 60mg then jump off completely and leverage kadian.

Thanks for following up.  I do think of my kids and wife daily, hourly even.  And that is what is making this so crucial for me to do.  Thanks again","Umm not sure and too lazy to go look rn. 

Have you looked into Kratom at all though? It worked really well for me for my adhd and social anxiety, its cheap, u cant OD, u dont have to wait on any dealers etc, and more importantly it wont take your soul. The key is LOW doses. .5-2.5G honestly improved my life and gave me lots of energy. It does keep the door open though as far as opioids in your brain.   It also works AMAZING for WD, like a complete gamechanger."
2316,"Umm not sure and too lazy to go look rn. 

Have you looked into Kratom at all though? It worked really well for me for my adhd and social anxiety, its cheap, u cant OD, u dont have to wait on any dealers etc, and more importantly it wont take your soul. The key is LOW doses. .5-2.5G honestly improved my life and gave me lots of energy. It does keep the door open though as far as opioids in your brain.   It also works AMAZING for WD, like a complete gamechanger.","Yes I have tons on hand.  However with my situation and my plan to come off oxy completely, Kratom isn’t idea for a couple reasons:
1) id need to start w 7gram doses 3x per day and taper down 1 gram per dose per week likely.  Kratom powder can sludge up your liver and go tract at that much.  But it’s totally doable and I believe I can be successful there
2) more importantly, the way Kratom binds to and saturates opioid receptors, ibogaine doesn’t have 95% success rate as it does with traditional, whort acting opioids like oxycodone, heroin, morphine.  I’m 100% committed to my I Ogaden plan, pre and post treatment for coaching, integration and long term abstinence.  I plan to implement Victoria after ibogaine sets me free and repairs the opioid receptors and the brain damage I’ve caused to my natural serotonin firings.  

So that being said i can go on Kratom, large doses, and likely still have to deal with a min level of wd, and then switch back to oxy 2-3 weeks before ibogaine treatment and healing

Or

I can just taper my current supply of oxy blues, change from snorting to oral, get down to 45-60 mg per day “coasting dose” then kick and heal completely with ibogaine.  

Or yet so the same above but after I taper to 45-60 jump on kadian for a few weeks until ibogaine.  Leaning toward this option.  

I have to remain fully functional and top of my game the next 3 months to get my businesses crushing before I leave for Mexico for 3 weeks:  I’m willing to put in the work.  I just know myself by now and what will likely works best is the taper/kadian/ibogaine.

Anyone have success or experience with these options?’

Thanks again"
2317,Oxy powder?,99% sure it's all fentanyl.
2318,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,"Without the meds numbing you, sensations are back.  I become a 2 pump chump when I'm in withdrawal"
2319,"Without the meds numbing you, sensations are back.  I become a 2 pump chump when I'm in withdrawal",Pretty sure everyone becomes a 2-pump chump afer getting off opiates. Takes me more than 2-3 months to get my normal sexual self back (but ive only made it 2-3 months once in my life 🤷🏽‍♂️)
2320,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,May your hormones be with you!
2321,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,"Happens to guys too.  

Something brushes against my dick?  I'll be in the bathroom rubbing one out with a gummy worm."
2322,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,It’s the only good thing about withdrawals!!!! Man I can cum soooo many times and it’s glorious!!!!
2323,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,"Yeah, that's a thing. I've gone at myself so many times in one day I swear by the 10th time you could damn near hear a wheeeeze and a puff of dust come out of me."
2324,Why do women feel so sexual during withdrawal?,"Men too. I stopped taking tram and I came in less than 1 minute, bwfore 25 mins."
2325,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"15 mg will help you sleep a bit but save it until you are desperate !

People have loads of stuff you can take like over the counter meds but they dont help much and slow down getting to the felling better point

The non substance ways i have found help easy WD are

Hot baths/showers lots and lots of them

Forcing your self to exercise in some way walk as much as you can and as fast as you can , remember if there was a bag at the end of the walk you would run!

Anything that takes your mine of it.. films , computer games and the like , its all about passing time each film is an hour and a half closer to felling better..

&#x200B;

masturbating!! yup do it as much as your libido will let you!

may sound messed up but it will take away the wd for a few moments. i think like the exercise it get the endorphins going .. natural opiates"
2326,"15 mg will help you sleep a bit but save it until you are desperate !

People have loads of stuff you can take like over the counter meds but they dont help much and slow down getting to the felling better point

The non substance ways i have found help easy WD are

Hot baths/showers lots and lots of them

Forcing your self to exercise in some way walk as much as you can and as fast as you can , remember if there was a bag at the end of the walk you would run!

Anything that takes your mine of it.. films , computer games and the like , its all about passing time each film is an hour and a half closer to felling better..

&#x200B;

masturbating!! yup do it as much as your libido will let you!

may sound messed up but it will take away the wd for a few moments. i think like the exercise it get the endorphins going .. natural opiates",Y'all are so helpful here thank you! I will be trying all of these. I can get more not a problem but I didnt want to get hooked
2327,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"Jesus where do I start. I spent more time *in* withdrawal than I did high for a really long time and worked out a system that wouldn't make the WD's go away but make them tolerable.

Tools:
* Loperamide
* Trazodone
* Klonopin or any benzo
* Food (sweets are good)
* Drinks
* Nicotine (important)

So Loperamide by itself will help with WDs immensely if you take enough. No, it will **not** cause your heart to flip upside down and start to die. Not in the amounts I take. I take 20, 2mg pills and wait 2 hours then take 10 more if I need it. It takes 2 hours to work so wait it out.

Trazodone is pretty decent at getting you to sleep if you're taking lope too. By itself, it will put you to sleep if your WDs are mild, but if in full blown Opana or Heroin wd, traz wont be enough.

Klonopin/Benzos are a godsend. Basically, life is worth living again with benzos alone but mixed with lope, its a sure thing.

Food/Drink and Nicotine - Basically, after you eat a lot of food you tend to get sleepy and when in WD, sleep is hard to come by. If I'm allowed to sleep whenever I want throughout the day (like on the weekend) the second I feel remotely sleepy, I go to bed. 

I can increase the success rate for this by timing my eating and drinking along with any form of nicotine. So say, I'll force down some ice cream or pasta or any heavy carb meal and then when I start to get that sedated feeling 30-40 mins after eating, I'll smoke or vape heavily and within 5 or 10 mins I'm ready to try to sleep.

Even with benzos I've been in withdrawal so bad that I still can't sleep and aren't willing to take 3-5mg of xanax with no tolerance just to try to sleep. That always scared me.

I don't always have benzos but usually have trazodone and lope and between them and some well timed meals and some ahem, *personal* time, I can usually squeeze out a couple hours sleep  throughout the day if I'm lucky.

If I take much larger doses of lope like 30+ 2mg pills at a time my success rate goes way up but that much lope feels dirty af.

I know this is sort of a shoddy process with a lot of goofy combos. You don't need trazodone if you have benzos for instance."
2328,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"It will help, but if you are on heroin or oxy, what you need is a few days worth  -- 3 to 5 days -- of methadone at a dose that makes you feel normal.  You can bypass or at least seriously reduce acute withdrawal symptoms that way."
2329,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,Help
2330,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"Benzos are what gets me though. I couldn’t have switched from methadone to Suboxone without them.

Magnesium and other supplements are good. Magnesium helps with muscle aches and cramps. Eating well, drinking lots of water. If you’ve got diarrhoea or vomiting, or you’re not eating much at all, Gatorade/electrolyte drinks help.

Try to keep yourself busy, even if it’s just having something good to binge on Netflix. Have everything done so you don’t need to worry about shopping, washing, or errands.

Keeping a diary is good. Score yourself /10 for mood, muscle ache, cramps, vomiting/diarrhoea, anxiety, etc... that way you’ll see that you’re getting better over time. Also keep track of medication, food, and water.

I like guided meditations. I find it’s easier to sleep with them. I’ll link one in.

If you have a spare room, you should use that to detox. I think they say that because you don’t want to associate your bedroom and bed with being sick.

Edit: https://youtu.be/ZAJFk0RQ0J0 search ‘guided mediation and sleep’ in YouTube, it took me awhile to find voices I liked. Goodluck!"
2331,"Benzos are what gets me though. I couldn’t have switched from methadone to Suboxone without them.

Magnesium and other supplements are good. Magnesium helps with muscle aches and cramps. Eating well, drinking lots of water. If you’ve got diarrhoea or vomiting, or you’re not eating much at all, Gatorade/electrolyte drinks help.

Try to keep yourself busy, even if it’s just having something good to binge on Netflix. Have everything done so you don’t need to worry about shopping, washing, or errands.

Keeping a diary is good. Score yourself /10 for mood, muscle ache, cramps, vomiting/diarrhoea, anxiety, etc... that way you’ll see that you’re getting better over time. Also keep track of medication, food, and water.

I like guided meditations. I find it’s easier to sleep with them. I’ll link one in.

If you have a spare room, you should use that to detox. I think they say that because you don’t want to associate your bedroom and bed with being sick.

Edit: https://youtu.be/ZAJFk0RQ0J0 search ‘guided mediation and sleep’ in YouTube, it took me awhile to find voices I liked. Goodluck!",You're the best thank you. I took 10 mg about 10 minutes ago or so already feel much better. I'm on day two of wd and it feels like it will never end
2332,You're the best thank you. I took 10 mg about 10 minutes ago or so already feel much better. I'm on day two of wd and it feels like it will never end,"It’s awful isn’t it. Do you have enough valium to get you through the next few days? I made sure u had a decent stash of valium and Xanax. The worst was I had to go into my clinic each day. I’d feel a bit better as the Suboxone was wearing off, and the underlying methadone took hold, ...but then I’d dose at the clinic and be thrown back into withdrawals. I would have quit if I didn’t need to be on Suboxone to travel.

Here’s the form the doctors use to gauge withdrawal. It’s only physical symptoms though. I felt more in control keeping track, but not everyone would.
https://www.drugabuse.gov/sites/default/files/files/ClinicalOpiateWithdrawalScale.pdf

I hope things go well."
2333,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,Will help a little but the only thing I've found that is actually worth getting for withdrawals is kratom  at least for me personally.
2334,Will help a little but the only thing I've found that is actually worth getting for withdrawals is kratom  at least for me personally.,That's my go to but I can't get any until the withdrawls are already gone so that's pointless at the moment
2335,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"Any benzo's will help dramatically. 15 mg is not a lot though. Youd need that like twice a day for a week. Immodium will stop the shits and you can get it OTC, unisom can help for sleep and thats OTC too. Lots of hot baths/showers for cramps."
2336,"Any benzo's will help dramatically. 15 mg is not a lot though. Youd need that like twice a day for a week. Immodium will stop the shits and you can get it OTC, unisom can help for sleep and thats OTC too. Lots of hot baths/showers for cramps.",I can probably come up with that twice an day. About 8 hours in between doses? I'm trying to kick one habit I don't need another
2337,I can probably come up with that twice an day. About 8 hours in between doses? I'm trying to kick one habit I don't need another,"Yeah, youll be fine over just a week."
2338,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,"Look up the Thomas method for opiate detox. If you have a little money to invest in some supplements and stuff that he lists it is the best way to go other than a medical detox that I have found. 

I have never got to do it as he has written it out because anytime I have had to detox at home I am completely broke because I had blown all my money on my last high."
2339,Your methods for easing withdrawals?,Xans bro helps the restlessness. And water lots of it. Vitamin c a dayquil and try to eat something healthy. Also kratom lol
2340,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,"OP is drippin’ with sarcasm. A lost art, lol."
2341,"OP is drippin’ with sarcasm. A lost art, lol.","eh, i think this is in bad taste frfr but i cant lie, i did chuckle."
2342,"eh, i think this is in bad taste frfr but i cant lie, i did chuckle.",No i feel you.. especially cause it was a fucking innocent baby. Tears me up that people like this (or if you saw that article on that idiot that was smoking and drinking and throwing her newborn up and down and telling police she didnt even want her kid) are allowed to freely reproduce. Poor kids.
2343,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,"Did you not even read the article? The parents are the problem, not their 11 month old child."
2344,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,Is your caption a joke or did you really not even read the fuckin article
2345,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,Lady on the right definitely doing more than opiates looks like!
2346,Lady on the right definitely doing more than opiates looks like!,"Article says something about ""glass smoking apparatuses"" or something like that, so I'd assume you have an inkling of the truth here. People don't often use glass to smoke their h do they?"
2347,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,"lmfaoooo

also lol at people who didn’t know it’s a joke"
2348,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,Disgusting parenting and title...
2349,Kind of messed up... Why should parents be charged just because their kid had a drug problem? Maybe they didn't even know?,This has to be a troll.. Their 11 month year old baby overdosed on fentanyl while they were asleep in the front? They should absolutely be charged lol.
2350,Tips on potentiating snorting oxy?,You can’t boost bioavailability of snorting as it bypasses the liver entirely and goes directly into your bloodstream. White grapefruit juice might make the half life longer though as your liver enzymes are impaired by it and will not be able to filter the oxy out of your blood as efficiently as normal. You could also try taking 50 mg of Benadryl (DPH) as it will allow you to nod much easier and reduce a lot of the itchiness oxy comes with.
2351,Tips on potentiating snorting oxy?,Damn how tf do you afford 300mg of oxy a day?
2352,Damn how tf do you afford 300mg of oxy a day?,"I’m at damn near 1,000mg/day. It’s sickening how much I spend on this shit. But right now the alternative is vicious suicidal thoughts when I’m not on it, so..."
2353,Damn how tf do you afford 300mg of oxy a day?,I make a good amount of money.  But still i can’t continue to do 300.  I’m going to taper down to 60 over 4 weeks
2354,Tips on potentiating snorting oxy?,Low doses of gabapentin make most opiates feel stronger regardless of ROA.
2355,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,"Sub is easy as heck to get on. Painkillers pretty much impossible unless you are legit dying and even then, slim chance."
2356,"Sub is easy as heck to get on. Painkillers pretty much impossible unless you are legit dying and even then, slim chance.","sadly, this is very true"
2357,"Sub is easy as heck to get on. Painkillers pretty much impossible unless you are legit dying and even then, slim chance.",I was dying at the hospital and they denied morphine to me. So I'm glad they had other docs there on my side. Had to get duliadid instead. So I would say even that is a bad idea.
2358,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,"I know someone with terminal cancer, they put her on the strongest chemo and said it was a 50/50 chance that out would even work. It didn't. All they've prescribed her for pain is roxy 5 mg."
2359,"I know someone with terminal cancer, they put her on the strongest chemo and said it was a 50/50 chance that out would even work. It didn't. All they've prescribed her for pain is roxy 5 mg.","I believe this all day. Someone better sneak me in opiates if I'm dying and in pain 24/7. Put your ass in my will, how about that. 😆"
2360,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,If you don’t have an injury you won’t get pain killers. You have to go to PM clinic  who rarely give out the goods for real patients. A sub doctor just wants money. If you have the money you can do it.
2361,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,"Do not, go get on suboxone thinking it's a ""legal"" way to get high.  It has a long ass half life, your doses stack up, tolerance sets in, along with the ceiling effect & it's partial agonism and you will get nothing out of it after a few weeks except maybe an antidepressant type-mood lift. And then once you have that on your record, good luck ever getting painkillers or benzos again."
2362,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,"Also worth thinking about- in most states once you’ve been prescribed subs then they flag your medical record as an opiate addict and you will NEVER get a prescription for pain meds in the future.
That’s why I’ve never gotten a sub script"
2363,"Also worth thinking about- in most states once you’ve been prescribed subs then they flag your medical record as an opiate addict and you will NEVER get a prescription for pain meds in the future.
That’s why I’ve never gotten a sub script","Well how can I get a script for pain meds? I have scoliosis, wore a brace as a child if that helps"
2364,"Well how can I get a script for pain meds? I have scoliosis, wore a brace as a child if that helps","Just do a search in this subreddit. I come across pretty detailed and accurate instructions on here daily.
Just be prepared to start out with non-opiates and physical therapy and gradually (hopefully) working your way up to low-grade opiates etc etc .
And never EVER ask for anything specific, they’ll see directly through that and label you as a drug seeker and terminate everything. 
Also, a pain management referral is what you will eventually want/need in order to get any kind of monthly prescription. And ‘if’ you’re lucky enough to eventually get some kind of script, you will be subjected to drug tests and pill counts to make sure you’re not abusing your script and / or mixing it with other drugs. If you fail one of those you’ll also be booted.
Good Luck"
2365,Would I be better off trying to get a script for subs or pain killers?,Now a days way too hard to get any good painkillers man. Sub doctors give em to anyone who asks lol.
2366,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,Because they are in jail and incredibly rare
2367,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,It would suck though going cold Turkey when the doc went to jail
2368,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,[deleted]
2369,[deleted],Are you fucking your doctor?
2370,Are you fucking your doctor?,[deleted]
2371,[deleted],"Respectfully, how? Chronic pain doctor? How does he explain this to the DEA (for scheduled drugs they do track it), or like, how did this arrangment start? I want everything haha.

Also props on the chipping. Any bad effects from it or has it been all positive? Taking a long tolerance break rn myself and then gonna try chipping"
2372,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,He shouldnt really be in jail... it just makes other docs even more scared of prescribing.
2373,He shouldnt really be in jail... it just makes other docs even more scared of prescribing.,Did you read the article? He doesn't even compare to your average doctor.
2374,Did you read the article? He doesn't even compare to your average doctor.,"I did read the article, what are even ""500.000"" opioid doses? Does a mbox 30 constitute a dose? Then I easily can see him prescribing that amount in 2 years or less.

I know that only accepting cash like he did is sketchy af but still... fucking life in prison?"
2375,"I did read the article, what are even ""500.000"" opioid doses? Does a mbox 30 constitute a dose? Then I easily can see him prescribing that amount in 2 years or less.

I know that only accepting cash like he did is sketchy af but still... fucking life in prison?",">Patients who came to the office, which was often open past midnight, would wait as long as 12 hours to see him, prosecutors said, in order to obtain pain medication they could abuse or sell for profit.

That's the part that stood out to me, he sounds like a bloody pill mill"
2376,"I did read the article, what are even ""500.000"" opioid doses? Does a mbox 30 constitute a dose? Then I easily can see him prescribing that amount in 2 years or less.

I know that only accepting cash like he did is sketchy af but still... fucking life in prison?","I actually ""ran the numbers"" on this shit and I now feel bad for the doc.

Using any oxy/morph pill as the basis for a ""dose"" I calculated the following:

If you receive 4 doses a day you get 120 doses a month and 1440 a year.

A years worth of opiates for 500 pain patients equal to 720.000(!) doses.

The article states that he rx'd 500.000 doses in TWO years, less than 250 people per year."
2377,He shouldnt really be in jail... it just makes other docs even more scared of prescribing.,"so true. I just got told the stupid speech about how ""the gov makes it so that all narcotic pain medicine is only for the terminally ill or extreme situations like compound fractures, etc"" which is bullshit. the doc was a pussy and she was just scared. it was a follow up after an ER visit where i was prescribed percocet. i went for my follow up a few days after, got another 2 weeks of norcos that time...well the wait to get into the orthopedic surgeon is no joke and typically takes 4-6 weeks. so i made another appt. since i ran out after taking my meds as directed. i go back, explain that im waiting for the approval of the referral i was given from the same doctors office (dif doc though) and needed a refill to make it until my appt with the surgeon. NOPE!  
  
tl;dr or more like too hard to read: sorry, i finally got some bangin coke and boy today so ive been speedballing all night."
2378,"so true. I just got told the stupid speech about how ""the gov makes it so that all narcotic pain medicine is only for the terminally ill or extreme situations like compound fractures, etc"" which is bullshit. the doc was a pussy and she was just scared. it was a follow up after an ER visit where i was prescribed percocet. i went for my follow up a few days after, got another 2 weeks of norcos that time...well the wait to get into the orthopedic surgeon is no joke and typically takes 4-6 weeks. so i made another appt. since i ran out after taking my meds as directed. i go back, explain that im waiting for the approval of the referral i was given from the same doctors office (dif doc though) and needed a refill to make it until my appt with the surgeon. NOPE!  
  
tl;dr or more like too hard to read: sorry, i finally got some bangin coke and boy today so ive been speedballing all night.","Yo I just saw this comment now... I can only sympathize with you fella, best wishes and hope you get a stable rx soon, I myself am fighting for one too for lumbar scoliosis and discopathy, its not as painful as yours but when you work your ass off in a kitchen it aint no joke either..."
2379,"Yo I just saw this comment now... I can only sympathize with you fella, best wishes and hope you get a stable rx soon, I myself am fighting for one too for lumbar scoliosis and discopathy, its not as painful as yours but when you work your ass off in a kitchen it aint no joke either...","hell no it aint...so many doctors these days are too big of pussies. when i had my spine surgery last year, i got put on oxycodone and oxycontin before i even got my MRI! then after i did, i got my dosages upped, after surgery i stayed on those meds but got 2mg then 4mg dilaudid thrown in there. it was awesome, and even better knowing my doctor was a bitch when it came to pain....he made sure his patients were as comfy as possibly.  
hope it works out for you, watching doctors who know nothing of the amount pain you, i, or anyone else in legitimate pain are in or going through just sit there and say ""well i cant prescribe any narcotic medicaiton"" and advise some dumbass ibuprofen with ice/heat..make my blood boil (sorry for that janky ass sentence lol, been up doing speedballs all night and am starting to lack simple grammar)"
2380,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,I want him to kill me
2381,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,"i used to have a few friends with scripts from this guy..as a person...they always said he was nice af...if you came in like a junkie...yea riiiight, he'd treat you like one lol. however, one of the girls had a legit script from him....and BAM, she lost that shit when he got got and she had to go through hell and back to find a doctor who would continue her medications afterwards"
2382,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,"trust me. its one of those u wish u did but if u actually had u wouldnt be any better off. every person i know that had a illegitimate doctor ended up soo much worse off than they would have if they never had a doc. Instead almost every person I knew that had an illegal script was cut off at extremely high doses which is borderline illegal except these doctors don't really care about the law, they only care about money. this is years ago by the way."
2383,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,so he gets 40 years and what does the sackler family get????
2384,Why can't I ever find these doctors?,Can you imagine sitting at a doctors office at 11 pm. No thanks
2385,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,"Unless you wanna be struggling with opioids forever, you should stop now. 

I wish I could go back to when it was a choice and choose to abstain. Opioids have really taken a toll on my health and life."
2386,"Unless you wanna be struggling with opioids forever, you should stop now. 

I wish I could go back to when it was a choice and choose to abstain. Opioids have really taken a toll on my health and life.",thank you for your concern. i’m not going to buy any more after i’ve taken the few pills i have left.
2387,thank you for your concern. i’m not going to buy any more after i’ve taken the few pills i have left.,"Ultimately you’ll do what you want regardless of what strangers say online. But please, hear me. 

When I was first dabbling in opioids I really liked the chill, relaxing qualities. I thought to myself, “how could something so soft be as dangerous as I’ve been told.”

I just assumed these people had weak willpower. I had zero concept of physical withdrawals. I wrongfully assumed the decision to use opioids or not was as simple as choosing tea or juice with breakfast. 

I’ve been off for about 40 days now. After 20 years of destructive behavior and habits. I’ve been off before, once i was clean for 13 months, I relapsed. Another time I was clean for three years, I slipped right back in. It’s a lifelong struggle. 

I really do wish I could go back.

Edit: clarified."
2388,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,guess that depends on every individual but for me ive got addicted within a week or so witth heavy oxycontin use. going trough withdrawals now after been railing 180mg+ aday for atleast a month
2389,guess that depends on every individual but for me ive got addicted within a week or so witth heavy oxycontin use. going trough withdrawals now after been railing 180mg+ aday for atleast a month,thanks for your quick response. i don’t plan on snorting or smoking because i know it will a lot feel better. hope you get better soon mate
2390,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,For me it's usually if I use for more than 4 days in a row or a week of every other day. The withdrawals aren't bad at that point but still not pleasant.
2391,For me it's usually if I use for more than 4 days in a row or a week of every other day. The withdrawals aren't bad at that point but still not pleasant.,"ok, sounds good. thanks :)"
2392,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,"Just remember, the longer you go the worse it gets."
2393,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,"Also spreading your use out helps keep your tolerance down.  There’s a real sweet spot in between using casually and trying to ward off withdrawals. When I had little knowledge of what my limits were I took something about 6 days in a row and experienced what I imagine was minuscule withdrawals in the scheme of things. But it was a good wake up call me, cos it still sucked. Enjoy!"
2394,"Also spreading your use out helps keep your tolerance down.  There’s a real sweet spot in between using casually and trying to ward off withdrawals. When I had little knowledge of what my limits were I took something about 6 days in a row and experienced what I imagine was minuscule withdrawals in the scheme of things. But it was a good wake up call me, cos it still sucked. Enjoy!",thanks :)
2395,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,If u take enough tramadol it’s definitely not shit
2396,If u take enough tramadol it’s definitely not shit,i agree. see a lot of people on here saying they’re worthless but for me it provides a euphoric buzz that lasts for ~12h. depends on the person though.
2397,How long can i use painkillers without getting withdrawals?,"I got prescribed 200 pills oxycodone for back pain, took them all and stopped when the pills ran out. Never had any signs of wd."
2398,"I got prescribed 200 pills oxycodone for back pain, took them all and stopped when the pills ran out. Never had any signs of wd.",A guy at my homeless shelter would take 30 pills of hydro and never get a sniffle... I was amused how he couldn’t get sick despite the dosage and time he would use.
2399,Can someone please explain to me my blood test level results from a DUI?,I will approve this post once you edit your location out.  Thanks.
2400,I will approve this post once you edit your location out.  Thanks.,Okay sorry I'll take it out right now.
2401,I will approve this post once you edit your location out.  Thanks.,Ok it's done. Sorry again. This was my first post. I'm still learning the rules
2402,I will approve this post once you edit your location out.  Thanks.,Was the post approved ?
2403,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"I have never used heroin, but there are some things I could tell you about opium. The smell oh, HELL, when smoked I sense it as sweet meat, never had sweet sausages but I'd imagine them to taste like that, and that taste, after a long night of smoking, lingers for the entire day after. The substance itself smells more like weeds, like cut grass almost with the smallest hint of sweet and tastes extremely bitter. A problem I often have is opium fingers, yeah, like cheeto fingers but way more expensive, opium is usually very brittle so cutting pieces off produce a lot of crumbs, the other presentation is like a sticky gum, similar to hashish if you have handled it, either way, it's not the easiest thing to work with, so sometimes I endup with opium smelling, sticky fingers. Hope that helps!"
2404,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"these posts are on here weekly.

where are all these novels and writing works of art on heroin addicts?

LOL"
2405,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"Not looking to alter, nor criticize your decision to include a heroin addict as what must be a rather important character in your book, only curious as to why you chose heroin as opposed to another drug? 

I understand if there's a bit too much context or whatever to completely nail the answer to my question down, but a little bit of hammerin' would be appreciated.

As far as your questions, I don't have much time, so I'll just say this: Most books, movies, shows, etc. that I've read or seen tend to portray heroin/opioid use and abuse in ab unrealistic manner to say the least, obviously some moreso than others. Think of examples you yourself are familiar with and it's probably safe to assume that you don't want to do it like they did. 

As for quality examples from fiction, Borroughs is great and Trainspotting is fairly accurate. Not heroin-centric, but A Scanner Darkly is a wonderful depiction of many aspects of addiction.

As for myself and my own drug use? Heroin is poop and I wish I'd never heard of it, the poopy poop."
2406,"Not looking to alter, nor criticize your decision to include a heroin addict as what must be a rather important character in your book, only curious as to why you chose heroin as opposed to another drug? 

I understand if there's a bit too much context or whatever to completely nail the answer to my question down, but a little bit of hammerin' would be appreciated.

As far as your questions, I don't have much time, so I'll just say this: Most books, movies, shows, etc. that I've read or seen tend to portray heroin/opioid use and abuse in ab unrealistic manner to say the least, obviously some moreso than others. Think of examples you yourself are familiar with and it's probably safe to assume that you don't want to do it like they did. 

As for quality examples from fiction, Borroughs is great and Trainspotting is fairly accurate. Not heroin-centric, but A Scanner Darkly is a wonderful depiction of many aspects of addiction.

As for myself and my own drug use? Heroin is poop and I wish I'd never heard of it, the poopy poop.",">As for myself and my own drug use? Heroin is poop and I wish I'd never heard of it, the poopy poop.


Fucking AMEN to that! This drug IS the devil."
2407,"Not looking to alter, nor criticize your decision to include a heroin addict as what must be a rather important character in your book, only curious as to why you chose heroin as opposed to another drug? 

I understand if there's a bit too much context or whatever to completely nail the answer to my question down, but a little bit of hammerin' would be appreciated.

As far as your questions, I don't have much time, so I'll just say this: Most books, movies, shows, etc. that I've read or seen tend to portray heroin/opioid use and abuse in ab unrealistic manner to say the least, obviously some moreso than others. Think of examples you yourself are familiar with and it's probably safe to assume that you don't want to do it like they did. 

As for quality examples from fiction, Borroughs is great and Trainspotting is fairly accurate. Not heroin-centric, but A Scanner Darkly is a wonderful depiction of many aspects of addiction.

As for myself and my own drug use? Heroin is poop and I wish I'd never heard of it, the poopy poop.","As far as why my character is a heroin addict specifically: 

You’re right when you say that there’s too much context to fully explain it, but I can offer you some hammerin’! 

He’s a heroin addict because the opportunity to be one fell in his lap. Kinda the theory that you can’t sell dope if you don’t know the quality of what you’re selling. As a teenager, he experimented with anything you could possibly ever smoke and heroin was his favorite. My character really likes downers in general, but as he got older and started using more and more, the addiction got more serious. He started to shoot up instead of smoking. Feeling like he would be into downers and given the era this is all based on, heroin/opium seemed like the right fit to be his drug of choice. 

It’s not to glorify drug use, that I can assure you. I’m not trying to make this sexy or appealing, and I’m definitely trying to make it as accurate as I can."
2408,"As far as why my character is a heroin addict specifically: 

You’re right when you say that there’s too much context to fully explain it, but I can offer you some hammerin’! 

He’s a heroin addict because the opportunity to be one fell in his lap. Kinda the theory that you can’t sell dope if you don’t know the quality of what you’re selling. As a teenager, he experimented with anything you could possibly ever smoke and heroin was his favorite. My character really likes downers in general, but as he got older and started using more and more, the addiction got more serious. He started to shoot up instead of smoking. Feeling like he would be into downers and given the era this is all based on, heroin/opium seemed like the right fit to be his drug of choice. 

It’s not to glorify drug use, that I can assure you. I’m not trying to make this sexy or appealing, and I’m definitely trying to make it as accurate as I can.","Remember that back then, heroin was commonly bought (legally) as a liquid. A victorian Heroin user would not have been using a spoon to cook up, they would have been using their mail order syringe kit to inject the gear.

And back then Heroin use was not very common.  It was a novel drug - Morphine was the big ""epidemic"" at the time.  I'd consider making your character a Morphine addict, but I guess it doesn't have the same ""Shock"" value as H does.

Opium in the victorian era was legally available and I'd say the vast majority of opiate addicts used plain Opium.

Read Thomas de Quincey's book - he would buy opium at his local pharmacy (he'd walk in and the pharmacist would give him ""the usual"")  and he would take it orally.  Later he got hooked on laudanum (opium tincture).

Also, if your main character doesn't have access to a steady supply, if he has any kind of habit, the book will just be about your main character hustling to try to get dope."
2409,"As far as why my character is a heroin addict specifically: 

You’re right when you say that there’s too much context to fully explain it, but I can offer you some hammerin’! 

He’s a heroin addict because the opportunity to be one fell in his lap. Kinda the theory that you can’t sell dope if you don’t know the quality of what you’re selling. As a teenager, he experimented with anything you could possibly ever smoke and heroin was his favorite. My character really likes downers in general, but as he got older and started using more and more, the addiction got more serious. He started to shoot up instead of smoking. Feeling like he would be into downers and given the era this is all based on, heroin/opium seemed like the right fit to be his drug of choice. 

It’s not to glorify drug use, that I can assure you. I’m not trying to make this sexy or appealing, and I’m definitely trying to make it as accurate as I can.","Think about his past. You need to set up a reason for his addiction. I don’t know one addict that hasn’t had trauma in their past.  Everyone has a sad story. Though there would be people just using it for pain management, I just haven’t met any.

Heroin, benzos, and other depressants give a certain numbness. I’m coming down off Suboxone at the moment, and I’d forgetten how bad it was to feel everything. Anxiety, sadness, depression, as well as physical pain. It’s awful.

In a way it’s like being a superhero. Taking a few benzos and having a shot, you think you can do anything."
2410,"Think about his past. You need to set up a reason for his addiction. I don’t know one addict that hasn’t had trauma in their past.  Everyone has a sad story. Though there would be people just using it for pain management, I just haven’t met any.

Heroin, benzos, and other depressants give a certain numbness. I’m coming down off Suboxone at the moment, and I’d forgetten how bad it was to feel everything. Anxiety, sadness, depression, as well as physical pain. It’s awful.

In a way it’s like being a superhero. Taking a few benzos and having a shot, you think you can do anything.","I never had any traumatic period in my life.  I know a few addicts who like to say they had a bad childhood as an excuse to blame something else.

I had a happy childhood but my genetics are naturally prone to bad depression. I became a ""moody teen"" and opium was the perfect cure."
2411,"I never had any traumatic period in my life.  I know a few addicts who like to say they had a bad childhood as an excuse to blame something else.

I had a happy childhood but my genetics are naturally prone to bad depression. I became a ""moody teen"" and opium was the perfect cure.","Fair enough, I think a lot of people would have had trauma though. I’m not saying it’s an excuse for bad behaviour though."
2412,"Think about his past. You need to set up a reason for his addiction. I don’t know one addict that hasn’t had trauma in their past.  Everyone has a sad story. Though there would be people just using it for pain management, I just haven’t met any.

Heroin, benzos, and other depressants give a certain numbness. I’m coming down off Suboxone at the moment, and I’d forgetten how bad it was to feel everything. Anxiety, sadness, depression, as well as physical pain. It’s awful.

In a way it’s like being a superhero. Taking a few benzos and having a shot, you think you can do anything.","I’m definitely giving him a traumatic reason for using! It all ties in to the death of his mother as a kid and finding her body. He’s never been the same since. Plus, being a street kid and sleeping in alley ways is pretty traumatic in and of itself."
2413,"Not looking to alter, nor criticize your decision to include a heroin addict as what must be a rather important character in your book, only curious as to why you chose heroin as opposed to another drug? 

I understand if there's a bit too much context or whatever to completely nail the answer to my question down, but a little bit of hammerin' would be appreciated.

As far as your questions, I don't have much time, so I'll just say this: Most books, movies, shows, etc. that I've read or seen tend to portray heroin/opioid use and abuse in ab unrealistic manner to say the least, obviously some moreso than others. Think of examples you yourself are familiar with and it's probably safe to assume that you don't want to do it like they did. 

As for quality examples from fiction, Borroughs is great and Trainspotting is fairly accurate. Not heroin-centric, but A Scanner Darkly is a wonderful depiction of many aspects of addiction.

As for myself and my own drug use? Heroin is poop and I wish I'd never heard of it, the poopy poop.",Maybe the heroin/opium just works for his neo Victorian character cuz opium was so popular back then but I kinda wanna know too?? Lol Why heroin and how did this Victorian person get addicted and shooting it up???? I agree heroin sucks and most adaptations kinda suck or don’t really feel like they truly nail the authenticity of addicts period. Def watch some documentaries about heroin addicts
2414,Maybe the heroin/opium just works for his neo Victorian character cuz opium was so popular back then but I kinda wanna know too?? Lol Why heroin and how did this Victorian person get addicted and shooting it up???? I agree heroin sucks and most adaptations kinda suck or don’t really feel like they truly nail the authenticity of addicts period. Def watch some documentaries about heroin addicts,"I was actually thinking about this yesterday(the OP made a post in another sub). The era the OP has chosen and the creation of the first syringes were around the same time. And I'm guessing that only medical personnel would be inclined to 'mess' around with opium to convert it in to something that can be IVe'd? Or I could be totally wrong and should be ignored, lol."
2415,Maybe the heroin/opium just works for his neo Victorian character cuz opium was so popular back then but I kinda wanna know too?? Lol Why heroin and how did this Victorian person get addicted and shooting it up???? I agree heroin sucks and most adaptations kinda suck or don’t really feel like they truly nail the authenticity of addicts period. Def watch some documentaries about heroin addicts,"I don't do drugs so i guess i don't have a lot of saying  in it but i believe the best movie about it is requeim for a dream. Still to this day is the most scarier and dark movie I ever watch. I don't know if I would recommend for someone who is an addict because if it put me in a very difficult state of mind, it could lead to suicide for an addict now that I think about it or maybe I'm exaggerating"
2416,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"if you're writing a withdrawal scene, it's the unreality of it and the smells on day 1-2  that really get me.  You just get this awful smell that I can't describe, it wouldn't normally be an ""unpleasant"" smell  but it just smells ""off"".  Your normal sense of smell skyrockets too.  Everything seems off,  like you know when you watch a Horror movie, before the action starts, they are in someones house talking  but you can tell by the atmosphere something is wrong. It feels like that in withdrawals."
2417,"if you're writing a withdrawal scene, it's the unreality of it and the smells on day 1-2  that really get me.  You just get this awful smell that I can't describe, it wouldn't normally be an ""unpleasant"" smell  but it just smells ""off"".  Your normal sense of smell skyrockets too.  Everything seems off,  like you know when you watch a Horror movie, before the action starts, they are in someones house talking  but you can tell by the atmosphere something is wrong. It feels like that in withdrawals.",Onions. The smell is sweat and toxins in the form of onions. Disgusting.
2418,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"I am also a writer or I should say I studied creative writing in college but haven't tried to write anything in too long, and would love to answer any and all questions you have about this. So feel free to PM me. 

But one thing I'm not 100% about but you might want to look into is the popularity of using anything via IV in that era. If I'm not mistaken it was probably more common if not exclusively IM or intramuscular during that time period"
2419,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"Man if it wasn't so late and having to be up for work in the morning id totally help u with this right now. 

Pm me bud and I'll answer everything u wanna know in the morning when I wake up home skillet."
2420,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,Ec%nn
2421,Just a writer trying to make a character more real! Mind if I ask some questions?,"I wasn’t the biggest heroin user, but I was in an intravenous relationship for a while and I will just have to say that (although he was the bigger user and I, following in suit kind of thing) but you should cover the points of how the blood lust is of all the process. With heroin you can just do a “miss”, which would still get the drugs in your system but that’s not enough for some... it’s the blood lust to get that one certain vein and (as I watched my ex do so many times...) they will dig and dig until finding that vein. It’s almost an obsession like quality. So sad and so, so dangerous."
2422,What causes withdrawal symptoms to change over time?,"I’m interested in the subject, my withdrawals also got easier within a of couple years. I used to think it’s from me not binging for months at a time anymore."
2423,What causes withdrawal symptoms to change over time?,Kindling effect.
2424,Kindling effect.,"I don’t think so, it’s a benzo thing.
Our withdrawals, at least mine are getting easier and easier to handle"
2425,"I don’t think so, it’s a benzo thing.
Our withdrawals, at least mine are getting easier and easier to handle",Mine have also gotten easier to handle. But the strangest part to me is not just the change in intensity or the ability to deal with it. It's the fact that the symptoms themselves have fundamentally changed that I don't understand.
2426,What causes withdrawal symptoms to change over time?,"My w/d's change depending on what I'm kicking. Oxy, opana, heroin, fent all have very different symptoms. I mean they all consist of the same basic symptoms but they hit at different times if that makes sense. Like opana and fent would have me in near panic attack mode due to my anxiety in under 12 hours where that hits in about 36 hours with heroin. My stomach would be fucked up around 18 to 24 off oxy and can normally make it 48 til its really bad off heroin. Also it varies depending on if I'm shooting or snorting or smoking and how long I have been using for this time and how much I'm using daily. So many variables."
2427,Subs taste a lot like adderal why is that?,Not sure what subs ur gettin but the ones I have  taste like lemon pledge 😂
2428,Subs taste a lot like adderal why is that?,I hate the taste of it almost as much as I hate being on it.
2429,Subs taste a lot like adderal why is that?,pretty sure it's just all in your noggin.
2430,Subs taste a lot like adderal why is that?,Yeeeeah right I wish
2431,In touch w emotions?,It's called being high homie
2432,In touch w emotions?,That's half the appeal tbh
2433,In touch w emotions?,"Feels like you just released your breath after having held it in for you entire life without knowing???.....yeah that's the opiate buzz. That's why we're all here, fella ;)"
2434,In touch w emotions?,Yea that happens to everyone
2435,Yea that happens to everyone,Is there a word for it? Ppl always talk about it being numbing
2436,Is there a word for it? Ppl always talk about it being numbing,"""Opiate-induced melancholic liberation"" is the scientific term, I believe."
2437,how strong is oxy compared to hydros?,"1.5:1  exactly  , even with oral  bioavailability  taken into  account  thats an accurate  ratio.
So 30 mg of hydro = 20mg of oxy 
But its a different type  opioid   as its main alkaloid  is different  its far less sedating  and a lot more euphoric.  Id say start with 10-15 mg of oxy and add 5 mg every 45 mins till you reach  desired  result. Be careful  with it but oxy is still a relatively  weak opiod.
Just be carefully  of pressed  pills oxy is the most counterfeited pill out there so always  test ur oxy for fentanyl  if its not from the pharmacy, even if you trust your source, ur fuckin up already because **rule #1 is trust nobody** they may not even know  themselves. Anyways be safe  and enjoy oxy is probably  the most fun enjoyable opiate out there.
Especially  if your niaeve. Have fun!!"
2438,"1.5:1  exactly  , even with oral  bioavailability  taken into  account  thats an accurate  ratio.
So 30 mg of hydro = 20mg of oxy 
But its a different type  opioid   as its main alkaloid  is different  its far less sedating  and a lot more euphoric.  Id say start with 10-15 mg of oxy and add 5 mg every 45 mins till you reach  desired  result. Be careful  with it but oxy is still a relatively  weak opiod.
Just be carefully  of pressed  pills oxy is the most counterfeited pill out there so always  test ur oxy for fentanyl  if its not from the pharmacy, even if you trust your source, ur fuckin up already because **rule #1 is trust nobody** they may not even know  themselves. Anyways be safe  and enjoy oxy is probably  the most fun enjoyable opiate out there.
Especially  if your niaeve. Have fun!!",thank you! how do i test for fentanyl? that’s my main worry for sure.
2439,thank you! how do i test for fentanyl? that’s my main worry for sure.,you can buy a kit online
2440,thank you! how do i test for fentanyl? that’s my main worry for sure.,Literally  a $2 test yiu can buy online from some website about dancing safley😉
2441,how strong is oxy compared to hydros?,Imo oxy is like 1.5x as hydro
2442,how strong is oxy compared to hydros?,I’ve always hear 1.5x stronger but I don’t have any science to back that up so take it with a grain of salt.
2443,Painful pins and needles. Did i almost OD?,That's what I look for in every shot I do lol. Wouldnt say you almost overdosed but definitely sounds like you did a little bigger shot than normal if you don't get that rush normally.
2444,That's what I look for in every shot I do lol. Wouldnt say you almost overdosed but definitely sounds like you did a little bigger shot than normal if you don't get that rush normally.,"Maybe so  my wife who has been doing dope for 20yrs said it was normal and was super jealous i got pins and needles off a hit. She said she enjoyed that sensation and said it hurts so good but i hated it. Freaked me out felt really weird and painful. Ive always heard that when the rush brcomes painful ur close to OD, but idk maybe thats a misconception/myth"
2445,When will this Crackdown be over?,The days of opiates from the doctor is over unless your super ballin
2446,The days of opiates from the doctor is over unless your super ballin,I don't get it man I've been disabled for decade I used to be on literally triple the amount that they won't give me now because of CDC guidelines I heard they were loose in OK but then They just won some six hundred million dollars from Purdue or Johnson & Johnson so that's fucked
2447,I don't get it man I've been disabled for decade I used to be on literally triple the amount that they won't give me now because of CDC guidelines I heard they were loose in OK but then They just won some six hundred million dollars from Purdue or Johnson & Johnson so that's fucked,It's just how it is. Doctors are going to jail. Licenses revoked people sued. It's a proper shitshow. Things wI'll never go back to how they where but I suspect a new drug Wil be in the headlines shortly
2448,When will this Crackdown be over?,Every prescription  bottle has a small  set of numbers on it wich is all you need to order from the manufacturer.  Not saying its a good idea or that it definitely  wont eventually  catch up to you  but 😉
2449,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,I wouldn't be surprised. How are they gonna get that new cruiser if the department doesn't have any money?
2450,I wouldn't be surprised. How are they gonna get that new cruiser if the department doesn't have any money?,"Sadly, you sound about right as fuck."
2451,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"See, this is why we need take home instead of going to the clinic at 5am. I tell you this, I would not park in that lot."
2452,"See, this is why we need take home instead of going to the clinic at 5am. I tell you this, I would not park in that lot.","facts. ridiculous, man."
2453,"facts. ridiculous, man.",Ridiculous. Picking on sick people trying to get well. How low can you go.?
2454,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,It was at my last clinic so about a year and a half ago. Seen them parked out in front of my current one though
2455,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"I know for a fact that that happened aunt my local clinic. They gave the guy a feild sobriety test and arrested him, knowing he just left the clinic. Took him to the hospital, drew blood and processed him , $5,000 bail . Lucky he got bonded out,as they had just stopped dosing you in if you were on clinic. Anyways the clinic got involved, hired his lawyer, took it to trial and he WON!! So fuck the police, just don’t have illicit substances in your system. Cause they can use that against you."
2456,"I know for a fact that that happened aunt my local clinic. They gave the guy a feild sobriety test and arrested him, knowing he just left the clinic. Took him to the hospital, drew blood and processed him , $5,000 bail . Lucky he got bonded out,as they had just stopped dosing you in if you were on clinic. Anyways the clinic got involved, hired his lawyer, took it to trial and he WON!! So fuck the police, just don’t have illicit substances in your system. Cause they can use that against you.",Yet another reason I hate cops.
2457,Yet another reason I hate cops.,"Plus they think they are above the law. I’ve had a cop say to me verbatim “I’m part of the biggest gang in the world and we wear blue, so duck you and turn around and put your hands behind your back”. 
And I am a docile pacifist, didn’t give him an attitude, I just got cauaght with a RX bottle that wasn’t mine. I tried explaining that it’s not illegal because the pharmacy just gave it to me , like it’s legal to pick up anything from pharmacy that’s not in your name, and the second you leave your holding a misdemeanor??? Wtf!!!"
2458,"I know for a fact that that happened aunt my local clinic. They gave the guy a feild sobriety test and arrested him, knowing he just left the clinic. Took him to the hospital, drew blood and processed him , $5,000 bail . Lucky he got bonded out,as they had just stopped dosing you in if you were on clinic. Anyways the clinic got involved, hired his lawyer, took it to trial and he WON!! So fuck the police, just don’t have illicit substances in your system. Cause they can use that against you.",Hell yeah - nice to hear about a win on our side
2459,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,[deleted]
2460,[deleted],"Pretty sure you're right, pigs ain't allowed to just post up at the juice bar"
2461,"Pretty sure you're right, pigs ain't allowed to just post up at the juice bar",This comment made me laugh 😂
2462,[deleted],"Man fuckin props to your clinic director, man - sounds like a G.

I’ve yet to even see my prescribing doctor’s face even once,  in the year ive been at this clinic"
2463,"Man fuckin props to your clinic director, man - sounds like a G.

I’ve yet to even see my prescribing doctor’s face even once,  in the year ive been at this clinic",[deleted]
2464,[deleted],Seriously dude. Pisses me off that a few of the “addicts” out here ruin it for the other 95% of us
2465,Seriously dude. Pisses me off that a few of the “addicts” out here ruin it for the other 95% of us,[deleted]
2466,[deleted],"Nah, you right - i cant even be mad either cuz theres a learning curve to this shit, weve all been that guy at least once.

Youre so right, it shouldn’t even be like that to begin with"
2467,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"Fuck the police -- we live in a fascist society where, somehow, cops are placed on a pedestal, as evidenced by a slew of shows that portray them in a sympathetic manner (like Blue Bloods, for example).  Yet, they won't think twice before putting two in you at the tiniest provocation.
  
In contrast, look at the police in Hong Kong.  These protesters have been going nuts for months now, and it was only recently that they started using live ammo.  If Occupy Wall Street were anywhere near as violent as these protesters, cops would have shot dozens in ""justifiable"" shootings.

Fucking police state."
2468,"Fuck the police -- we live in a fascist society where, somehow, cops are placed on a pedestal, as evidenced by a slew of shows that portray them in a sympathetic manner (like Blue Bloods, for example).  Yet, they won't think twice before putting two in you at the tiniest provocation.
  
In contrast, look at the police in Hong Kong.  These protesters have been going nuts for months now, and it was only recently that they started using live ammo.  If Occupy Wall Street were anywhere near as violent as these protesters, cops would have shot dozens in ""justifiable"" shootings.

Fucking police state.","Damn, i didnt know they finally caved and starting firing live rounds into the crowds..

Man, best believe our US piggies woulda been dropping motherfuckers over there.

Completely out-of-control. Any cop thats down with exploiting addicts to meet their quota is a disgrace to the badge and a disgrace to the human race."
2469,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,How is that not some form of entrapment?? I mean they’re not parking and staking out in bar parking lots pulling everyone who drives away over???
2470,How is that not some form of entrapment?? I mean they’re not parking and staking out in bar parking lots pulling everyone who drives away over???,I feel like it definitely is - or at the very least some form of harassment..
2471,I feel like it definitely is - or at the very least some form of harassment..,Right???
2472,Right???,"You gotta be a special brand of asshole to do that shit in my opinion..

Its one thing to do your job, and if you happen to pull over an addict with dope? Fine... I get it.

 Even though I think its about time America realized they cant arrest it’s way out of an addiction epidemic (you’d think after decades of rising addiction statistics theyd have figured it out by now)

But if you go out of your way to fuck over people trying to better themselves?

Yeah, fuck you. 
You’re a low-life piece of shit.
Simply put."
2473,"You gotta be a special brand of asshole to do that shit in my opinion..

Its one thing to do your job, and if you happen to pull over an addict with dope? Fine... I get it.

 Even though I think its about time America realized they cant arrest it’s way out of an addiction epidemic (you’d think after decades of rising addiction statistics theyd have figured it out by now)

But if you go out of your way to fuck over people trying to better themselves?

Yeah, fuck you. 
You’re a low-life piece of shit.
Simply put.",This ^^ exactly!!
2474,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"Police used to creep on an intersection near my old clinic, and then bust people who had just dosed saying it is a DUI, using take homes as definitive proof they were coming from the clinic. Cops are sick predators.

Edit: oh shit didn’t even fully read ur post and you sayin the same shit"
2475,"Police used to creep on an intersection near my old clinic, and then bust people who had just dosed saying it is a DUI, using take homes as definitive proof they were coming from the clinic. Cops are sick predators.

Edit: oh shit didn’t even fully read ur post and you sayin the same shit","Haha you good fam. Still blows my mind how many people have commented on this shit saying they have personal experience with it...

Shits scary to think about"
2476,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,That’s gay as fuck totally negates the purpose of the clinic. All that Does is make people never want to get help because it’s a trap.
2477,That’s gay as fuck totally negates the purpose of the clinic. All that Does is make people never want to get help because it’s a trap.,"right - hell, I found my addict-brain even justifying using more from that alone  


 ""shit, maybe I should just use dope the next couple days til it cools off...""  


Police have no idea how much potential damage they're doing from their presence there alone... Fuckin sad."
2478,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,They've done this at clinics near me (it's called an OUI in Maine)
2479,They've done this at clinics near me (it's called an OUI in Maine),"wow. Thats all kinds of fucked. especially since main is more East-Coast theyre way more understanding with addiction, i thought.  


when was the last time you heard of them doing this?"
2480,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,Police used to hang around near the pain management clinic across the street where my sister worked. She would watch them arrest people every day. Every now and then some one would jump out the car and try to run.
2481,Police used to hang around near the pain management clinic across the street where my sister worked. She would watch them arrest people every day. Every now and then some one would jump out the car and try to run.,"Holy shit, fr? Every damn day?

Thats inhuman"
2482,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"This deserves more national attention in the media and for civil rights groups, but sadly no one will care because we're just ""junkie addicts"" right? Pisses me off. It's hard enough as it is to get methadone, let's make it even harder! Yay America!"
2483,"This deserves more national attention in the media and for civil rights groups, but sadly no one will care because we're just ""junkie addicts"" right? Pisses me off. It's hard enough as it is to get methadone, let's make it even harder! Yay America!","Dude, so true...

Sometimes i think about just dedicating the rest of this year to creating a documentary from an addicts point-of-view... speaking on exactly those issues."
2484,"Dude, so true...

Sometimes i think about just dedicating the rest of this year to creating a documentary from an addicts point-of-view... speaking on exactly those issues.","I wholeheartedly encourage you to do so if you can. It would be a great contribution to the world. I've had just about enough of this ""war on drugs"". Opiates are technically some of the safest drugs there are. As long as you don't mix them with obscene amounts of other downers with little to no tolerance, they really are pretty benign. They cause no permanent brain or organ damage and the side effects are pretty minimal.  Society is ignorant and uneducated about any of it, they just blatantly believe what they're told. Not everyone can remain ""clean"" and when you think about how drugs like alcohol are legal, why should they? Alcohol is the worst drug there is, in my opinion. It damages the brain, your organs, leads to domestic violence and traffic accidents, yet it's celebrated like it's something great.   


People should have the right to wake up and take whatever helps them get through their day without blowing their brains or some one else's out. The fact that America incarcerates potheads and opiate addicts, while letting bars flourish everywhere, where drunks can get completely retarded and then drive home and kill another innocent family just boils my blood!  Getting a little off topic here, but I feel it's all relevant and it's an area I'm very passionate about. I wish I wasn't just another ordinary citizen and had some power to get things changed. What happened to our right of ""pursuit of happiness""? If my happiness comes from diacetylmorphine, shouldn't I have that right to pursue it!?   


Anyways, thanks for taking the time to respond back man, and It's terrible what's going on at that clinic."
2485,Anyone heard of police camping outside methadone clinics?,"In the city I went to college in cops would post up outside of head shops, wait for people to buy bongs, etc. then try to bust them for possession of paraphernalia. Fuck the police."
2486,"In the city I went to college in cops would post up outside of head shops, wait for people to buy bongs, etc. then try to bust them for possession of paraphernalia. Fuck the police.",Wow. Petty petty.
2487,Possible to IV k56 pink oxy?,Seems like a big pill to just IV for 10mg but I don’t IV
2488,Possible to IV k56 pink oxy?,I'd recommend using a wheel filter if you're going IV pills.
2489,I'd recommend using a wheel filter if you're going IV pills.,Only got regular cotton damn I needs invest in thise
2490,Only got regular cotton damn I needs invest in thise,"Boof it, I know it sounds awful but it’s a way better high in my opinion and a lot easier than shooting"
2491,Possible to IV k56 pink oxy?,I did before and it was a total waste... look up bioavailability of snorting vs. eating
2492,I did before and it was a total waste... look up bioavailability of snorting vs. eating,they're like 60-87% right? IV is 100% right? trying to get the most bang for my buck bro but i can't find any info on k56
2493,they're like 60-87% right? IV is 100% right? trying to get the most bang for my buck bro but i can't find any info on k56,All oxy regardless of manufacturer is the same bioavailability... I could be wrong but I doubt it
2494,Possible to IV k56 pink oxy?,"Damn, my tolerance so low one might be enough for me to feel it. What's your tolerance like? When I was using dope, I would need like 30mg to feel it, and I would snort it. Maybe your just not doing enough? It's been dry as fuck lately, you lucky to have them lol"
2495,"Damn, my tolerance so low one might be enough for me to feel it. What's your tolerance like? When I was using dope, I would need like 30mg to feel it, and I would snort it. Maybe your just not doing enough? It's been dry as fuck lately, you lucky to have them lol","60mg for a buzz on my tolerance. I hate oxys bug was sick. Pressed mboxes and many shots of tar fked up my tolerance. I didn’t feel anything from these, ended up getting one fentanyl m30. I got them for cheap too haha just traded pressed flualp bars for the oxys. Idk if these were presses or script but they sucked ass. Opana k71>k56"
2496,What are your favourite opiate activities?,Literally talking to my chick until I come down... seems like a lie but yeah every single time
2497,What are your favourite opiate activities?,"My doc is oxy, I like to enjoy the speedy buzz and just go about my night as typical for the first 2-3 hours, then when the mental euphoria wears off I try to catch a few nods before clocking out for the night."
2498,What are your favourite opiate activities?,I catch up on a months worth of chores in a day or 2. I am so damn productive while I'm not hurting.
2499,What are your favourite opiate activities?,"Laying in bed and listening to music & also grocery shopping , taking a bath"
2500,"Laying in bed and listening to music & also grocery shopping , taking a bath",LITERALLY never taken a bath on opiates you bet I’m gonna run one grab a bath bomb light some candles listen to the rain MmmMm
2501,LITERALLY never taken a bath on opiates you bet I’m gonna run one grab a bath bomb light some candles listen to the rain MmmMm,Do you ever feel like showers/getting wet kills the high? I always feel that way.
2502,LITERALLY never taken a bath on opiates you bet I’m gonna run one grab a bath bomb light some candles listen to the rain MmmMm,You’ll love it ! But please don’t take so much that you nod otherwise you’ll drown .
2503,You’ll love it ! But please don’t take so much that you nod otherwise you’ll drown .,Haha! Drowning is NOT on the agenda
2504,You’ll love it ! But please don’t take so much that you nod otherwise you’ll drown .,Let me drown pls ~~
2505,What are your favourite opiate activities?,[deleted]
2506,[deleted],omg can I come over and sit in your hot tub cheers mate
2507,What are your favourite opiate activities?,Nodding with a user buddy. It's super fun to get together with a friend and just shoot the shit while both of you are high as hell!
2508,What are your favourite opiate activities?,My favorite would be actually having them and taking them....
2509,My favorite would be actually having them and taking them....,LOL it is pre easy to get them if you have ££££
2510,What are your favourite opiate activities?,"Literally anything but my favorites at the moment are video games, reading manga, and going to the shooting range with my dad.  All fun activities on their own but get amplified 10 fold when the perc hits."
2511,What are your favourite opiate activities?,Painting!!
2512,What are your favourite opiate activities?,Listening to music and just forgetting about my responsibilities >>>>
2513,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"I’m a firm believer in the theory that the dealers of heroin are just as addicted to the lifestyle/social interactions of “the life” as the addicts are.

They say its not only the drug that you get addicted to, but the process of seeking drugs out and the thrill of going to get them etc etc..

And not only that, but when you have a good plug, your addict-brain fools you into thinking they’re almost your friend when they hook you up with an extra point ; and then they’re a necessary evil hate-love relationship, kind of like a girlfriend you fight with all the time.

But yeah, I think the dealers are just as addicted to the life and the rush of quick money when you flip a pak and stuff. Getting to know your customers and being a halfway decent human being goes a LONG way for a lot of addicts... if dealers operated under even the most common of senses, i might have an answer for ya haha"
2514,"I’m a firm believer in the theory that the dealers of heroin are just as addicted to the lifestyle/social interactions of “the life” as the addicts are.

They say its not only the drug that you get addicted to, but the process of seeking drugs out and the thrill of going to get them etc etc..

And not only that, but when you have a good plug, your addict-brain fools you into thinking they’re almost your friend when they hook you up with an extra point ; and then they’re a necessary evil hate-love relationship, kind of like a girlfriend you fight with all the time.

But yeah, I think the dealers are just as addicted to the life and the rush of quick money when you flip a pak and stuff. Getting to know your customers and being a halfway decent human being goes a LONG way for a lot of addicts... if dealers operated under even the most common of senses, i might have an answer for ya haha","this 100%

My ex-GF used to get super pissed at me cuz I would never pay her attention, or at least not the amount she wanted, cuz I was always on my phone wheelin' n dealin'... lol she hated my phone soooo much. She once said that she thinks I'm more addicted to dealing and the lifestyle than the dope which is saying a lot for me lol

What she didn't understand is that if I had worked a regular job instead of dealing full-time, she would see even less of me not to mention miss out on the perks of dating a drug dealer cuz she was a daily user as well

I've dealt full-time for about half of my adult life (31 now) as well as most of my teenage years except for the last 2-3 years or so when I finally decided that I was too old to still be doing that that shit... Can't say I don't miss it sometimes tho"
2515,"this 100%

My ex-GF used to get super pissed at me cuz I would never pay her attention, or at least not the amount she wanted, cuz I was always on my phone wheelin' n dealin'... lol she hated my phone soooo much. She once said that she thinks I'm more addicted to dealing and the lifestyle than the dope which is saying a lot for me lol

What she didn't understand is that if I had worked a regular job instead of dealing full-time, she would see even less of me not to mention miss out on the perks of dating a drug dealer cuz she was a daily user as well

I've dealt full-time for about half of my adult life (31 now) as well as most of my teenage years except for the last 2-3 years or so when I finally decided that I was too old to still be doing that that shit... Can't say I don't miss it sometimes tho",Are you at least well off now ?
2516,Are you at least well off now ?,Would like to know this as well lol
2517,Would like to know this as well lol,"u/Pappy08

yes, well off and living comfortably enough that i recently turned down an opportunity to get back in the game with basically everything already setup and all the hard work done for me. it was a turn-key opportunity to make anywhere from $5k-$6k per month with plugs who had cheap but quality product already established as well as a large customer-base.

to explain what i mean by that: one of my best friends, also a fellow Reddit user, started dealing about 2 years ago and he was BRAND NEW to the game when it came to dealing. i helped him a lot at the beginning with plugs and sent him some customers that ended up being really lucrative who paid top dollar retail prices for large amounts on a consistent basis. he eventually over the next 2 years and some ups and downs ended up building this into a very successful operation that was pulling in approximately $10k-$12k per month in profits. he kept records of all his sales and P&Ls on an Excel spreadsheet, so i saw the exact revenue he was generating from this operation.

side note: he also paid me a commission for the customers i sent him, approximately $500 cash in total as well as some really nice gifts like designer clothes (Versace, Diesel, etc) and free drugs including 10 subs and an entire piece (ounce) of tar at once, 100% free (that was a good night lol)

he contacted me one day and said he wanted to setup a meeting, so i went and met him a his hotel room and he sat me down for a literal presentation on Powerpoint (lmao) showing me all the current and projected profits along with plans for expansion, etc and told me that he wanted me to join him in business and come take what was rightfully mine (aka half of the business & profits). he guaranteed me $1k/week minimum or half of the profits, whichever was bigger, and at that current time he was bringing in appoximately $10k-$12k in profits per month which translates to $5k-$6k per month in profit for me.

at that time, and still currently, i was working a sales job and making just a little under that (approx $4k/month after taxes) and while it was very tempting to say ""fuck a job"" and join him, after careful consideration i declined his offer because it wasn't worth the risk plus nothing is guaranteed when it comes to the game. one small mistake or change and everything could fall apart, or worse. and it's a good thing i made that choice, because he has been in jail for a couple of months now for Felony Evading Police as well as some probation violations and he will be there for a couple more months. another part of the reason i declined is because when i was in the game, i was very very careful and took every caution possible to stay safe and he was the exact opposite, very ""loud"" and sloppy and i knew there would not only be issues between us in how things were run but i knew it was only a matter of time before something bad happened.

i don't regret declining his offer one bit and still work at my cushy office job to this day"
2518,"u/Pappy08

yes, well off and living comfortably enough that i recently turned down an opportunity to get back in the game with basically everything already setup and all the hard work done for me. it was a turn-key opportunity to make anywhere from $5k-$6k per month with plugs who had cheap but quality product already established as well as a large customer-base.

to explain what i mean by that: one of my best friends, also a fellow Reddit user, started dealing about 2 years ago and he was BRAND NEW to the game when it came to dealing. i helped him a lot at the beginning with plugs and sent him some customers that ended up being really lucrative who paid top dollar retail prices for large amounts on a consistent basis. he eventually over the next 2 years and some ups and downs ended up building this into a very successful operation that was pulling in approximately $10k-$12k per month in profits. he kept records of all his sales and P&Ls on an Excel spreadsheet, so i saw the exact revenue he was generating from this operation.

side note: he also paid me a commission for the customers i sent him, approximately $500 cash in total as well as some really nice gifts like designer clothes (Versace, Diesel, etc) and free drugs including 10 subs and an entire piece (ounce) of tar at once, 100% free (that was a good night lol)

he contacted me one day and said he wanted to setup a meeting, so i went and met him a his hotel room and he sat me down for a literal presentation on Powerpoint (lmao) showing me all the current and projected profits along with plans for expansion, etc and told me that he wanted me to join him in business and come take what was rightfully mine (aka half of the business & profits). he guaranteed me $1k/week minimum or half of the profits, whichever was bigger, and at that current time he was bringing in appoximately $10k-$12k in profits per month which translates to $5k-$6k per month in profit for me.

at that time, and still currently, i was working a sales job and making just a little under that (approx $4k/month after taxes) and while it was very tempting to say ""fuck a job"" and join him, after careful consideration i declined his offer because it wasn't worth the risk plus nothing is guaranteed when it comes to the game. one small mistake or change and everything could fall apart, or worse. and it's a good thing i made that choice, because he has been in jail for a couple of months now for Felony Evading Police as well as some probation violations and he will be there for a couple more months. another part of the reason i declined is because when i was in the game, i was very very careful and took every caution possible to stay safe and he was the exact opposite, very ""loud"" and sloppy and i knew there would not only be issues between us in how things were run but i knew it was only a matter of time before something bad happened.

i don't regret declining his offer one bit and still work at my cushy office job to this day","Your risk analysis is good. 

A lot of people think that $5-$6k a month is insane money, and I guess for some people it is, but if you get a sales charge on an operation that big, you’re going away for a long time. 

Shit, with a minimum wage job around here, you can make half of that easy, and not risk going to prison. Find a job that pays good tips and you can make even more. 

I guess what I’m saying is, as someone who has been to jail for several months, it would take a lot more than 60k a year for me to risk that again."
2519,"Your risk analysis is good. 

A lot of people think that $5-$6k a month is insane money, and I guess for some people it is, but if you get a sales charge on an operation that big, you’re going away for a long time. 

Shit, with a minimum wage job around here, you can make half of that easy, and not risk going to prison. Find a job that pays good tips and you can make even more. 

I guess what I’m saying is, as someone who has been to jail for several months, it would take a lot more than 60k a year for me to risk that again.","Thanks man, I have always been very analytical of the risk vs. reward ratio and weighing the consequences. And you're absolutely right. What made it even easier to turn down is that somehow, by the grace of the Universe, I have avoided ever catching a charge throughout all my years of using, selling, etc which is literally a miracle considering I have done some really grimey shit in and have ran lots of hustles in the past. I've also gotten SUPER close to getting hemmed up on multiple occasions but somehow always was able to walk between the raindrops. I shared several of my close-call stories on here in the past but recently nuked my comment history so they are all gone.

It made it easy to turn it down when weighing the consequences of potentially risking my clean record and entering the system at 31 years old. I have seen soooo many of my friends struggle with serving jail/prison time, being stuck in the system, difficulties with finding employment and/or a place to live, thousands of dollars in fees and court costs, etc

I'm too old for that shit lol"
2520,"u/Pappy08

yes, well off and living comfortably enough that i recently turned down an opportunity to get back in the game with basically everything already setup and all the hard work done for me. it was a turn-key opportunity to make anywhere from $5k-$6k per month with plugs who had cheap but quality product already established as well as a large customer-base.

to explain what i mean by that: one of my best friends, also a fellow Reddit user, started dealing about 2 years ago and he was BRAND NEW to the game when it came to dealing. i helped him a lot at the beginning with plugs and sent him some customers that ended up being really lucrative who paid top dollar retail prices for large amounts on a consistent basis. he eventually over the next 2 years and some ups and downs ended up building this into a very successful operation that was pulling in approximately $10k-$12k per month in profits. he kept records of all his sales and P&Ls on an Excel spreadsheet, so i saw the exact revenue he was generating from this operation.

side note: he also paid me a commission for the customers i sent him, approximately $500 cash in total as well as some really nice gifts like designer clothes (Versace, Diesel, etc) and free drugs including 10 subs and an entire piece (ounce) of tar at once, 100% free (that was a good night lol)

he contacted me one day and said he wanted to setup a meeting, so i went and met him a his hotel room and he sat me down for a literal presentation on Powerpoint (lmao) showing me all the current and projected profits along with plans for expansion, etc and told me that he wanted me to join him in business and come take what was rightfully mine (aka half of the business & profits). he guaranteed me $1k/week minimum or half of the profits, whichever was bigger, and at that current time he was bringing in appoximately $10k-$12k in profits per month which translates to $5k-$6k per month in profit for me.

at that time, and still currently, i was working a sales job and making just a little under that (approx $4k/month after taxes) and while it was very tempting to say ""fuck a job"" and join him, after careful consideration i declined his offer because it wasn't worth the risk plus nothing is guaranteed when it comes to the game. one small mistake or change and everything could fall apart, or worse. and it's a good thing i made that choice, because he has been in jail for a couple of months now for Felony Evading Police as well as some probation violations and he will be there for a couple more months. another part of the reason i declined is because when i was in the game, i was very very careful and took every caution possible to stay safe and he was the exact opposite, very ""loud"" and sloppy and i knew there would not only be issues between us in how things were run but i knew it was only a matter of time before something bad happened.

i don't regret declining his offer one bit and still work at my cushy office job to this day","That was the universe testing you.

Guaranteed if you took it, some uckshit would have gone down and you would’ve been in some shit.

Hell, even if it didnt and you weren’t in some shit, it would have transformed your entire life as you know it.

Being a heroin dealer of ANY kind - but especially of THAT size? Is retarded-stressful... it takes over your entire life.

I used to sell heroin on a relatively small basis, and the cops and DEA were on my ass instantly (but i was already on their radar from past stuff to begin with, to be fair 🤷🏽‍♂️) 

Man just handling your customers is an all-day fucking deal. I highly doubt your girl would’ve stuck around for the fuckshit, man.

And i see what you mean by him being “Loud”... anyone who keeps entire records of their heroin-empire on a fucking excel-spreadsheet/powerpoint...?


Yeah, i think its safe to say he wasn’t gonna be in the game long-term haha.. dealing is something that takes tact and delicacy to do right. Doesn’t sound like those were his strongg points 😂

But good for you for seeing past the rewards and taking the time to accurately evaluate the risk 💪🏽"
2521,"That was the universe testing you.

Guaranteed if you took it, some uckshit would have gone down and you would’ve been in some shit.

Hell, even if it didnt and you weren’t in some shit, it would have transformed your entire life as you know it.

Being a heroin dealer of ANY kind - but especially of THAT size? Is retarded-stressful... it takes over your entire life.

I used to sell heroin on a relatively small basis, and the cops and DEA were on my ass instantly (but i was already on their radar from past stuff to begin with, to be fair 🤷🏽‍♂️) 

Man just handling your customers is an all-day fucking deal. I highly doubt your girl would’ve stuck around for the fuckshit, man.

And i see what you mean by him being “Loud”... anyone who keeps entire records of their heroin-empire on a fucking excel-spreadsheet/powerpoint...?


Yeah, i think its safe to say he wasn’t gonna be in the game long-term haha.. dealing is something that takes tact and delicacy to do right. Doesn’t sound like those were his strongg points 😂

But good for you for seeing past the rewards and taking the time to accurately evaluate the risk 💪🏽","no doubt that i made the right choice and i'd probably be sitting in jail right now had i decided to get back into the game.

you are right about the stress, i have sold H in the past on a smaller scale as well and it was extremely stressful. there are so many factors that make it stressful and so many things to worry about from running the business in general, to sketchy customers, potentially being arrested or robbed, having someone OD on your product and it be traced back to you, making sure u don't run out of product and get sick, etc the list goes on and on.

throughout my career as a full-time dealer, i've had several different situations where i had some sort of law enforcement agency up my ass... from the local police, to the DEA, to the FBI (twice) although the FBI weren't really up my ass, they were investigating a close associate of mine both times, one time it probably wasn't that big of a deal but the other time, i'm certain they were watching me to some extent because i was the main supplier for a particular piece of contraband (not drugs) that my friend got caught committing felonies with. i've been on their radar since i was in high school though as well, so it's not that surprising. i remember coming home from a friend's house one day, when i was 17, and my Dad freaked out on me, screaming and yelling at me, because our neighbor told him that they saw an undercover cop across the street by their house sitting in their car, surveilling and taking pictures of our house.

as far as drug-related, one of my customers got caught with a gram of dope on him right after i served him and he was on probation, so they tried to get him to cooperate and perform a couple of controlled buys on me in exchange for sweeping his probation violation under the rug. he randomly hit me up 2 weeks later after i served him that day and told me he just got out of jail and he told what they tried to get him to do. i was honestly surprised cuz this dude wasn't really a close friend or anything, more of an acquaintance that i worked with at one point.

i've also been into hacking and cybercrime since i was a young kid (11 yrs old or so) and have ran a lot of rackets online in the past, and while i have always had pretty good opsec, i know for a fact that my activities did not go unnoticed and that i was probably on a list somewhere at some point. at one point, a server that i was operating from got seized by the Secret Service lol i still have the article somewhere from that one.

the things i've described in the post aren't even half of the times i've suspected that i was under investigation or came really close to getting completely fucked, probably for a very long time lol thankfully i've put all of that in the past and don't have to live looking back over my shoulders constantly...

but yes, my friend was ridiculously ""loud"" and kinda had that ""i'm scarface and untouchable"" type of attitude. he was notoriously sloppy and uncareful when it came to keeping a low-key profile. among the many, many things he did that were careless and irresponsible, one example is that he was almost always driving around, unnecessarily, with a life sentence in his car. i'm talking a bag with 5+ ounces of dope, an ounce of crystal or coke, ounce of molly, scales, bags, paraphernalia like pipes and rigs, large amounts of cash, weapons, etc. the only thing he was missing was a body in the trunk, and, he was on probation so they could search without probable cause. for a while, he wasn't even supposed to be driving cuz he had absconded on probation, so if they pulled him over and ran his name, he was done for. but he would drive around like this, all to deliver a couple grams of dope when he had a perfectly safe home to store all this illegal product at instead of only taking the absolute bare minimum needed so that he wasn't riding dirty. he would also regularly post up in sketchy places like random parking lots at 3am with all of this on him to get high. it stressed me out SO MUCH to hang out with him once he started behaving like this, which he didn't always act like this, only once the power got to his head did he start acting so careless.

so yeah, when he proposed for me to join him, i immediately knew that there was no way i was going to accept because we operated completely different and would have had many differences when it came to how we operated. i valued my freedom and there is a reason that i was able to do it so long without catching a single charge. i took the absolute bare minimum risk and took every precaution possible, always had a plan and then backup plan, and because of that i narrowly avoided getting hemmed up several, several times.

a while back, he told me that two of his runners got setup and picked up by the DEA or drug task force or something of that nature and one of them was a spineless, huge piece of shit who, without a doubt, rolled over and snitched the second they gave him the opportunity to. so he was already probably being watched and investigated and he ended up committing a Felony Evading Police when they tried to pull him over, but there is a no chase policy where i live so they didn't get him that night and he got away but a couple of weeks later the SWAT team rolled up on him at like 5am and arrested him at this house for running that one night, among other things i am sure... and i probably would have went down with him that night as well cuz i'm sure i would have been with him at his house.

damn, i didn't mean to type that much... sorry for the novel lmao"
2522,"u/Pappy08

yes, well off and living comfortably enough that i recently turned down an opportunity to get back in the game with basically everything already setup and all the hard work done for me. it was a turn-key opportunity to make anywhere from $5k-$6k per month with plugs who had cheap but quality product already established as well as a large customer-base.

to explain what i mean by that: one of my best friends, also a fellow Reddit user, started dealing about 2 years ago and he was BRAND NEW to the game when it came to dealing. i helped him a lot at the beginning with plugs and sent him some customers that ended up being really lucrative who paid top dollar retail prices for large amounts on a consistent basis. he eventually over the next 2 years and some ups and downs ended up building this into a very successful operation that was pulling in approximately $10k-$12k per month in profits. he kept records of all his sales and P&Ls on an Excel spreadsheet, so i saw the exact revenue he was generating from this operation.

side note: he also paid me a commission for the customers i sent him, approximately $500 cash in total as well as some really nice gifts like designer clothes (Versace, Diesel, etc) and free drugs including 10 subs and an entire piece (ounce) of tar at once, 100% free (that was a good night lol)

he contacted me one day and said he wanted to setup a meeting, so i went and met him a his hotel room and he sat me down for a literal presentation on Powerpoint (lmao) showing me all the current and projected profits along with plans for expansion, etc and told me that he wanted me to join him in business and come take what was rightfully mine (aka half of the business & profits). he guaranteed me $1k/week minimum or half of the profits, whichever was bigger, and at that current time he was bringing in appoximately $10k-$12k in profits per month which translates to $5k-$6k per month in profit for me.

at that time, and still currently, i was working a sales job and making just a little under that (approx $4k/month after taxes) and while it was very tempting to say ""fuck a job"" and join him, after careful consideration i declined his offer because it wasn't worth the risk plus nothing is guaranteed when it comes to the game. one small mistake or change and everything could fall apart, or worse. and it's a good thing i made that choice, because he has been in jail for a couple of months now for Felony Evading Police as well as some probation violations and he will be there for a couple more months. another part of the reason i declined is because when i was in the game, i was very very careful and took every caution possible to stay safe and he was the exact opposite, very ""loud"" and sloppy and i knew there would not only be issues between us in how things were run but i knew it was only a matter of time before something bad happened.

i don't regret declining his offer one bit and still work at my cushy office job to this day",r/ThatHappened
2523,r/ThatHappened,"Lmao what about what I said is soooo unbelievable? 

I'm pretty sure if I was trying to look cool I would have changed a lot of parts of my story instead of basically admitting that I decided to choose the boring, square life instead of the exciting, dangerous life of a successful drug dealer

I don't really care if you don't believe me, especially considering that you are posting from a throwaway, but if you really are interested, I still have access to all of my texts between us because I never delete my texts and have access to years worth of conversations. I also have pictures that corroborate my story and I'm pretty sure I can even find the PowerPoint because he emailed it to me, and I believe I still have a copy of some of the Excel spreadsheets of the ledger showing the revenue and profits"
2524,"Lmao what about what I said is soooo unbelievable? 

I'm pretty sure if I was trying to look cool I would have changed a lot of parts of my story instead of basically admitting that I decided to choose the boring, square life instead of the exciting, dangerous life of a successful drug dealer

I don't really care if you don't believe me, especially considering that you are posting from a throwaway, but if you really are interested, I still have access to all of my texts between us because I never delete my texts and have access to years worth of conversations. I also have pictures that corroborate my story and I'm pretty sure I can even find the PowerPoint because he emailed it to me, and I believe I still have a copy of some of the Excel spreadsheets of the ledger showing the revenue and profits",Can you Pm me the powerpoint? I'd love to see something like that.
2525,Can you Pm me the powerpoint? I'd love to see something like that.,"sure, someone else sent me a message asking to see it as well and i tried looking for it briefly yesterday but couldn't find it as easy as i thought. i know for a fact i have it somewhere in one of my emails, i just gotta track it down.

it's funny cuz my buddy is Russian and so it has this Russian vibe to it in regards to his choice of words and just in general lol

lemme try looking for it again right now, i'll let u know shortly via PM"
2526,"sure, someone else sent me a message asking to see it as well and i tried looking for it briefly yesterday but couldn't find it as easy as i thought. i know for a fact i have it somewhere in one of my emails, i just gotta track it down.

it's funny cuz my buddy is Russian and so it has this Russian vibe to it in regards to his choice of words and just in general lol

lemme try looking for it again right now, i'll let u know shortly via PM",I'm Russian too actually
2527,"I’m a firm believer in the theory that the dealers of heroin are just as addicted to the lifestyle/social interactions of “the life” as the addicts are.

They say its not only the drug that you get addicted to, but the process of seeking drugs out and the thrill of going to get them etc etc..

And not only that, but when you have a good plug, your addict-brain fools you into thinking they’re almost your friend when they hook you up with an extra point ; and then they’re a necessary evil hate-love relationship, kind of like a girlfriend you fight with all the time.

But yeah, I think the dealers are just as addicted to the life and the rush of quick money when you flip a pak and stuff. Getting to know your customers and being a halfway decent human being goes a LONG way for a lot of addicts... if dealers operated under even the most common of senses, i might have an answer for ya haha",A thousand percent True
2528,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"Well defended with that ziplock slap fuckin' full of cawk, amirite?"
2529,"Well defended with that ziplock slap fuckin' full of cawk, amirite?",Goddamn right brother!
2530,Goddamn right brother!,"So proud...

*sheds single opi-tear*"
2531,"So proud...

*sheds single opi-tear*","Native American style single tear for real bruh.  I’m proud I’m making you proud, at least someone’s proud...definitely not my parents, that’s for sure."
2532,"Native American style single tear for real bruh.  I’m proud I’m making you proud, at least someone’s proud...definitely not my parents, that’s for sure.","Parents just don't understand, or so a wise man once said..."
2533,"Parents just don't understand, or so a wise man once said...",Fuckin swim move right there brother man
2534,"Well defended with that ziplock slap fuckin' full of cawk, amirite?",Lol wut 😂
2535,Lol wut 😂,Just roll with it bruh...
2536,Just roll with it bruh...,*nod with it
2537,*nod with it,"Lean with it, rock with it"
2538,*nod with it,...except lean is mad ghey
2539,...except lean is mad ghey,That's why it's purple
2540,That's why it's purple,...and why it tastes like salted cock
2541,...except lean is mad ghey,"do me a solid lol..ask the dorks over /r/lean why theyre all ghey with their stupid purple syrup. i really cant seem to find any logical justification as to why anyone would pay so much for SOOO little (amount of opiates)...  
i mean, wtf do you do with codeine? other than simply take as prescribed for a headache or some shit..."
2542,"do me a solid lol..ask the dorks over /r/lean why theyre all ghey with their stupid purple syrup. i really cant seem to find any logical justification as to why anyone would pay so much for SOOO little (amount of opiates)...  
i mean, wtf do you do with codeine? other than simply take as prescribed for a headache or some shit...","its like buying a chain or a grill, its simply a way to flex on how much money you have. the few times ive had it just due to prescriptions ive had honestly the ritual off pouring up in a stryofoam cup was a better time then the actual high. or lack of a high ig. definently pointless as far as what us opiate addicts are looking for. sip a pint of lean a day tho for awhile and you definently will get some wihtddrawal symptoms and those kids probably dont know how to get anything else so just keep getting what will get em well. wds from lean cant be any worse then a small kratom habit tho id imagine"
2543,"do me a solid lol..ask the dorks over /r/lean why theyre all ghey with their stupid purple syrup. i really cant seem to find any logical justification as to why anyone would pay so much for SOOO little (amount of opiates)...  
i mean, wtf do you do with codeine? other than simply take as prescribed for a headache or some shit...","Well, codeine only is weak, it's the promethazine and codeine combo and the % of alcohol real lean syrup has that makes the effect attractive to users.

Just because you're into harder opiates than lean doesn't make you cool or anything, nothing cool about oxy addicts who go broke and can't afford it anymore so they switch to heroin lmao"
2544,"Well, codeine only is weak, it's the promethazine and codeine combo and the % of alcohol real lean syrup has that makes the effect attractive to users.

Just because you're into harder opiates than lean doesn't make you cool or anything, nothing cool about oxy addicts who go broke and can't afford it anymore so they switch to heroin lmao","who said it was cool? but if im going to do drugs, id at least like to know im not a fucking retarded tool, you know...like a bent shovel. promethazine is for anti-nausea..it doesnt get you high, or barely potentiate it...it literally keeps away some of the itch and nausea. The % of alcohol youre talking about is a joke...stop trying to use random shit you read on the label of a baby tylenol (lean...oops) bottle to sound like you know what youre talking about...lmao.  
These dumbass trendsippers are gayer than a real life version of Mr. Garrisons ""IT"" bike/automobile from South Park. Using lean to get an opiate high is like smoking shwag/mids in 2019 instead of some topshelf dank because ""it doesnt get you as high and you like to function still"""
2545,"who said it was cool? but if im going to do drugs, id at least like to know im not a fucking retarded tool, you know...like a bent shovel. promethazine is for anti-nausea..it doesnt get you high, or barely potentiate it...it literally keeps away some of the itch and nausea. The % of alcohol youre talking about is a joke...stop trying to use random shit you read on the label of a baby tylenol (lean...oops) bottle to sound like you know what youre talking about...lmao.  
These dumbass trendsippers are gayer than a real life version of Mr. Garrisons ""IT"" bike/automobile from South Park. Using lean to get an opiate high is like smoking shwag/mids in 2019 instead of some topshelf dank because ""it doesnt get you as high and you like to function still""","Don't see why you would hate on someone's drug choice, if someone wants to use weaker opiates to get high let them be lmao and the alcohol % isn't bullshit.. Promethazine is for anti-naussea but it does make you drowsy. So funny to me that you're mad at other drug users who use something weaker than you do, tells a lot about yourself lmfao"
2546,"Don't see why you would hate on someone's drug choice, if someone wants to use weaker opiates to get high let them be lmao and the alcohol % isn't bullshit.. Promethazine is for anti-naussea but it does make you drowsy. So funny to me that you're mad at other drug users who use something weaker than you do, tells a lot about yourself lmfao","Right? God, I *wish* I could get high off of promethazine. I have Crohns disease and I've had a SHITLOAD of drugs including tons of promethazine and I can confidently say it doesn't make me high ... but boy, I wish it did because I would be set. Don't we all miss the days of getting a buzz from 10mg of Norco or whatever? I bet if you asked any person on here if they wanted to magically reduce their tolerance and stuff they would say yes please.

Addicts looking down on other addicts because of their DOC is the stupidest thing ever. Like mine is oxy but I'm not better or smarter than a heroin addict or a benzo addict or something. Just different circumstances, different people."
2547,"Right? God, I *wish* I could get high off of promethazine. I have Crohns disease and I've had a SHITLOAD of drugs including tons of promethazine and I can confidently say it doesn't make me high ... but boy, I wish it did because I would be set. Don't we all miss the days of getting a buzz from 10mg of Norco or whatever? I bet if you asked any person on here if they wanted to magically reduce their tolerance and stuff they would say yes please.

Addicts looking down on other addicts because of their DOC is the stupidest thing ever. Like mine is oxy but I'm not better or smarter than a heroin addict or a benzo addict or something. Just different circumstances, different people.","Yeah exactly. I think the promethazine high just contributes to the overall high real lean gives you, promethazine alone won't give you much unless no tolerance I guess"
2548,"Yeah exactly. I think the promethazine high just contributes to the overall high real lean gives you, promethazine alone won't give you much unless no tolerance I guess","yall are wild lol...typical victim snowflakes. nobody is looking down at anyone else for their DOC...pointing out obvious facts isnt being mad or looking down, it's just information, do with it what you want...surely wasnt intended to make you guys cry together..."
2549,"yall are wild lol...typical victim snowflakes. nobody is looking down at anyone else for their DOC...pointing out obvious facts isnt being mad or looking down, it's just information, do with it what you want...surely wasnt intended to make you guys cry together...",You're the only one crying here
2550,You're the only one crying here,"hahahaha, no...sadly youre mistaken. are you okay? do you need a safe space so you can have a meltdown?"
2551,"Right? God, I *wish* I could get high off of promethazine. I have Crohns disease and I've had a SHITLOAD of drugs including tons of promethazine and I can confidently say it doesn't make me high ... but boy, I wish it did because I would be set. Don't we all miss the days of getting a buzz from 10mg of Norco or whatever? I bet if you asked any person on here if they wanted to magically reduce their tolerance and stuff they would say yes please.

Addicts looking down on other addicts because of their DOC is the stupidest thing ever. Like mine is oxy but I'm not better or smarter than a heroin addict or a benzo addict or something. Just different circumstances, different people.",Is your name a Hotel New Hampshire reference?
2552,Is your name a Hotel New Hampshire reference?,"Yes it is, lol :)"
2553,"Yes it is, lol :)",I love it. Irving usually lives like half an hour from me. A friend actually got to study with him at Putney school like forty years ago.
2554,"Don't see why you would hate on someone's drug choice, if someone wants to use weaker opiates to get high let them be lmao and the alcohol % isn't bullshit.. Promethazine is for anti-naussea but it does make you drowsy. So funny to me that you're mad at other drug users who use something weaker than you do, tells a lot about yourself lmfao","ApprovedByAvishay - you are spot on here, IDK why this person is raging but their argument is complete shit and like you said... comes off as extremely egotistical... mine is bigger than yours type mentality. My guess either very young, or very sad inside, or both."
2555,"ApprovedByAvishay - you are spot on here, IDK why this person is raging but their argument is complete shit and like you said... comes off as extremely egotistical... mine is bigger than yours type mentality. My guess either very young, or very sad inside, or both.",very ignorant...why would you pay top dollar to be a druggie?
2556,very ignorant...why would you pay top dollar to be a druggie?,sad. just sad. I am blocking you. There is no hope
2557,"Don't see why you would hate on someone's drug choice, if someone wants to use weaker opiates to get high let them be lmao and the alcohol % isn't bullshit.. Promethazine is for anti-naussea but it does make you drowsy. So funny to me that you're mad at other drug users who use something weaker than you do, tells a lot about yourself lmfao",It's less about hating lean drinkers because they're  'choosing a weaker opiate' as it is 'paying $100s of dollars for literally pennies worth of drugs just because some rappers drank so much they had fucking seizures because that's what passes for a role model these days...'
2558,It's less about hating lean drinkers because they're  'choosing a weaker opiate' as it is 'paying $100s of dollars for literally pennies worth of drugs just because some rappers drank so much they had fucking seizures because that's what passes for a role model these days...',heyyyyy...someone gets it!
2559,"Don't see why you would hate on someone's drug choice, if someone wants to use weaker opiates to get high let them be lmao and the alcohol % isn't bullshit.. Promethazine is for anti-naussea but it does make you drowsy. So funny to me that you're mad at other drug users who use something weaker than you do, tells a lot about yourself lmfao","whos mad? lmao. typical doucher, thinking you know it all...nobody is mad except you for getting called out haha, calm down with your crazy cough syrup"
2560,"whos mad? lmao. typical doucher, thinking you know it all...nobody is mad except you for getting called out haha, calm down with your crazy cough syrup","Dude, it’s not that big a deal. Yeah, maybe it’s not the most cost effective, but that’s not the only thing people consider. If that’s their preference, there’s no reason to get so worked up about it. Go slam a bag and relax, bro."
2561,"Dude, it’s not that big a deal. Yeah, maybe it’s not the most cost effective, but that’s not the only thing people consider. If that’s their preference, there’s no reason to get so worked up about it. Go slam a bag and relax, bro.","who's worked up? seems like only your feelings are the ones being worked up. calm down, get your panties untangled"
2562,"do me a solid lol..ask the dorks over /r/lean why theyre all ghey with their stupid purple syrup. i really cant seem to find any logical justification as to why anyone would pay so much for SOOO little (amount of opiates)...  
i mean, wtf do you do with codeine? other than simply take as prescribed for a headache or some shit...",Rlean banned me lmao
2563,Rlean banned me lmao,Lol howd you get banned from there 😂
2564,Lol howd you get banned from there 😂,https://www.reddit.com/r/lean/comments/d5nxu7/am_i_doing_this_correctly/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
2565,https://www.reddit.com/r/lean/comments/d5nxu7/am_i_doing_this_correctly/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share,"Lol wow. If they banned you for that, they are some female-ass Hoez over there 😂"
2566,"Lol wow. If they banned you for that, they are some female-ass Hoez over there 😂","Well I would always make comments like ""fake and gay"" and like ""lean is only for status"". I posted that picture and was banned"
2567,"Well I would always make comments like ""fake and gay"" and like ""lean is only for status"". I posted that picture and was banned",😂
2568,Rlean banned me lmao,"yeaaaaa, i usually get banned from there with ever new account i make....i like to remind them that theyre the dumbest of addicts...why pay top dollar to be a drug user?"
2569,*nod with it,😂🤣
2570,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,What happened? U got beat up? By ur drug dealer? What's the story on that?
2571,What happened? U got beat up? By ur drug dealer? What's the story on that?,"Nah, I got beat: homeboy took off with my duckets.  I had been doing business with the dude everyday and like $60-100/day.  He often needed the cash fronted because he was playing junkie in the middle.

First handful of times he gave me his wallet or all his Suboxone as collateral and he would come back every time, albeit super late/delayed, and hit me with that dog food.  After a while, I stopped taking collateral as he came back every time.

One night then he hit me up for $40 to go cop some fire from the capital (nearby-ish big-ish city with good dope).  Since I’d done so much business with him and he always came back, and I was giving him $60-100/day in business so the $40 seemed like a drop in the bucket that he’d never be stupid enough to rip me off for considering the scale of our business together.

Lesson learned: never underestimate the bounds of people’s stupidity."
2572,"Nah, I got beat: homeboy took off with my duckets.  I had been doing business with the dude everyday and like $60-100/day.  He often needed the cash fronted because he was playing junkie in the middle.

First handful of times he gave me his wallet or all his Suboxone as collateral and he would come back every time, albeit super late/delayed, and hit me with that dog food.  After a while, I stopped taking collateral as he came back every time.

One night then he hit me up for $40 to go cop some fire from the capital (nearby-ish big-ish city with good dope).  Since I’d done so much business with him and he always came back, and I was giving him $60-100/day in business so the $40 seemed like a drop in the bucket that he’d never be stupid enough to rip me off for considering the scale of our business together.

Lesson learned: never underestimate the bounds of people’s stupidity.",He wants you back as a customer. Don't go back dude.
2573,He wants you back as a customer. Don't go back dude.,"Already did :/  What can I say, shit is fire...and he paid me back with interest :/"
2574,"Already did :/  What can I say, shit is fire...and he paid me back with interest :/",He was desperate. At least he made up for it. I'd tell him if he's desperate again like that to just be honest with you instead and maybe you'd be willing to do him a favor or help him if he really needs it. Shitty behavior on his part and no excuse but it's the dope game and he tried to make it right.
2575,"Already did :/  What can I say, shit is fire...and he paid me back with interest :/",Always take the collateral.
2576,"Already did :/  What can I say, shit is fire...and he paid me back with interest :/",some people want to buy their way into heaven
2577,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"Beware, this post brought to you by crystal meffs. 

Welcome to the wild, woolly, and sometimes maybe even warm world of physically dependent heroin addicts. 

Personally I have Ph-fucking-Ds from the junkie equivalent of MIT in rationalization, cognitive dissonance, avoidance, and denial. In other words if my only perceived route to getting well was to get over on you, I’d do it. I wouldn’t be proud of myself or enjoy doing it and I’d always feel guilty afterwards. I knew it was poor business sense if I was trying to middle for people or whatever: But if that’s what it took to be okay, part of me did what I did while part of me insisted I’m still not that guy deep down right? 

So if I did what your dude did and I came up a few days later or whatever I’d seek to make it right too. Exactly as he did, come on really earnest and desperate to make it right. 

I know people make a big deal of their reputations and that they’d never steal or whatever. That’s cool if you’re able to “manage a habit” or you’re on the dealer side of things where trust often matters quite a bit. Frankly when heroin started to cost me everything that made me human (ironically I did it because it made me feel human) I put aside what other people who did heroin thought of me. It wasn’t a disorder or a bad learned behavior or a disease to me, it was a moral failure and a sin. A product of my inability to look the world in the eye. I assumed everyone else was on their trip like mine, which was so far from reality I can’t believe I was so naive. But since I thought that every other heroin user was a spineless tortured oversensitive quasi-suicidal loser like me, I could easily dismiss whatever your opinion became of me. 

“Thief”? Big deal - you were stealing your family’s peace of mind and a parent from your kid and a partner from your spouse and a decent person from society. You were all part of the problem and you loved it. Why should I care about what you thought of me, as long as it didn’t interfere with my other connects?

But if things lined up where I could “do the right thing” and salvage a drug acquaintanceship, sure I’d do it."
2578,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,This actually happened to me once too. Gave dude some money to run to brick city as we usually did when he was close to re-upping. Then he never showed up. A week later he calls me..I’m apprehensive but meet him. Turns out he burned the plug and got the shit best out of him. Huge black eye and everything. But i guess he felt bad about ripping me off cause he atleast made sure I got what he owed me.
2579,This actually happened to me once too. Gave dude some money to run to brick city as we usually did when he was close to re-upping. Then he never showed up. A week later he calls me..I’m apprehensive but meet him. Turns out he burned the plug and got the shit best out of him. Huge black eye and everything. But i guess he felt bad about ripping me off cause he atleast made sure I got what he owed me.,"This is admittedly the first time this has happened to me, normally when a middle rips me they never talk to me again.  It is an interesting subject, though, because when you think about it, who is responsible when the middle gets ripped or fucked up?  Middles always justify charging me more or taking part of the order by saying that they are taking all the risk.  I’m fine paying middles (or providing them part of the order) accordingly.  However, if I’m paying a middle to assume the risk, they should assume the risk of robbery and loss and therefore, if they take a front, pay it back if they don’t deliver my product.

Of course, that is the logical business reasoning behind the distribution of risk and responsibility.  As most middles are junkies themselves, they are often far removed from any sort of logic or reasoning."
2580,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"What’s not to get? When you’re down you’re down, you’ll fuck over your mother. When you’re up, you’re empathetic, you can help others. You always pay back favors. It’s how the junkie world works. 

You never had to partner up with someone you less than like in order to both get right?

I don’t miss it, been clean a minute, but that’s how it all works"
2581,"What’s not to get? When you’re down you’re down, you’ll fuck over your mother. When you’re up, you’re empathetic, you can help others. You always pay back favors. It’s how the junkie world works. 

You never had to partner up with someone you less than like in order to both get right?

I don’t miss it, been clean a minute, but that’s how it all works","...and said middle actually isn’t up right now.  Apparently he’s still recovering from whatever loss he took (or whatever reason he robbed me).  That is kind of what I found most impressive, though.  He met up with me at first today and had two bags to give me so I took that and didn’t buy anything additional.  As he made more sales throughout the day, though, he ended up calling me back and meeting up with me another two times; once to give me another one bag and the last time to give me another three as he’d been able to earn back the other bags through additional sales today."
2582,"What’s not to get? When you’re down you’re down, you’ll fuck over your mother. When you’re up, you’re empathetic, you can help others. You always pay back favors. It’s how the junkie world works. 

You never had to partner up with someone you less than like in order to both get right?

I don’t miss it, been clean a minute, but that’s how it all works","I am less of a junkie these days.  I used today, but didn’t for a few days prior.  I am out of full blown active addiction, but I am still using here and there.

When I was a full blown junkie, of course I did things I’m not proud of.  I robbed tons of stores, stole cash here and there from various outlets/channels, but as I was a junkie myself and knew how much being sick sucked and how hard it was to get the cash I needed everyday, I never fucked over fellow junkies as I would never want to put another person in that situation.  I only stole from people and/or stores that I knew could afford it.

Oddly, during my junkie days, I was the most cautious I ever was when it came to people.  I was dealing with other junkies, dope dealers, and the general scum of the Earth.  If I didn’t like someone or had a bad feeling about someone, I’d steer clear of them, even if they offered to get me well, as I was worried about how they might try to leverage my situation, corrupt me, or take advantage of me."
2583,"I am less of a junkie these days.  I used today, but didn’t for a few days prior.  I am out of full blown active addiction, but I am still using here and there.

When I was a full blown junkie, of course I did things I’m not proud of.  I robbed tons of stores, stole cash here and there from various outlets/channels, but as I was a junkie myself and knew how much being sick sucked and how hard it was to get the cash I needed everyday, I never fucked over fellow junkies as I would never want to put another person in that situation.  I only stole from people and/or stores that I knew could afford it.

Oddly, during my junkie days, I was the most cautious I ever was when it came to people.  I was dealing with other junkies, dope dealers, and the general scum of the Earth.  If I didn’t like someone or had a bad feeling about someone, I’d steer clear of them, even if they offered to get me well, as I was worried about how they might try to leverage my situation, corrupt me, or take advantage of me.","> or take advantage of me.

like...a little forced tickle of the brown eye?"
2584,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"He's gonna ring you up in 2 days and be like..... Yo, you got that $60 I fronted you the other day."
2585,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"Ha!

Thats awesome!"
2586,"Ha!

Thats awesome!",Well thank you!!  I thought quite so as well...I just don’t understand why...
2587,Well thank you!!  I thought quite so as well...I just don’t understand why...,he's a smart junkster. youre too good of a custy for him to lose im guessing. make sure you start taking that collateral again.
2588,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"His story may have been bs, but I'm willing to wager he didn't intend to beat you. He may have got robbed himself.

If he meant to do it he 1) wouldn't have felt bad and 2) wouldn't have paid you back.

He couldn't put someone else's business out so gave you a bs story knowing you didn't give a fuck.

Makes sense to me."
2589,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,Lol I've been that guy before. Have had to burn a few buddy's of mine to get good. Desperation at its finest. Ended up giving them $80 of product for the $50 I took.
2590,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"theres definently been times where i was so desperate id be willing to steal from people in order to get well, and then within the next week or two (or months or whatever) i end up on the upside and have enough drugs or cash to spare some and end up getting high and deciding to pay em back out of remorse. just be glad you got it back haha"
2591,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,i had some guy mail me a check paying me back w a bit of interest like 2 years after he beat me on a bag once. hadnt talked to him in that long either. guess some people feel guilty sometimes
2592,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,Dumbass needed money lmao
2593,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"mmmm  m .m  . m .m.... . ..
.
.
 n     mknmlkkk mi n"
2594,"mmmm  m .m  . m .m.... . ..
.
.
 n     mknmlkkk mi n",The fuck?
2595,The fuck?,boofed too much and passed out on my phone apparently
2596,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,God damn 4 bags for 40$ I don’t do boy but I off 4 bags for 20 sometimes 16
2597,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,"I had a kid who used to do this to me. Sometimes you get a dealer who means well, but also uses or lives with folks who use or both and shit gets desperate like it always does with this stuff. At least he's not like the usual scum and just expects you to let it go by knowing you'll be sick and desperate sooner or later."
2598,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,It seems to me that the only logical explanation is that your d boy has seen the light and accepted junky Jesus into his heart and life and recognizes JJ as his lord and savior. Amen.
2599,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,Lmfao what in the twisted hell man? I don’t get dealers/middles sometimes either but that was entertaining as fuck to read nevertheless xD
2600,Lmfao what in the twisted hell man? I don’t get dealers/middles sometimes either but that was entertaining as fuck to read nevertheless xD,omg xd RawR
2601,omg xd RawR,How do I upvote this 10 times?
2602,How do I upvote this 10 times?,same wavelength 🤘🏼
2603,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,Shit atleast you got plugs. I'm semi in the middle of nowhere but in a decent sized city and there's not a goddamm thing here. Closest is an hour away and it's expensive as fuuuuuck. I'm talking $40 for like a point amd a half. Been here my whole life and it's been like this for about 5 years now.
2604,Shit atleast you got plugs. I'm semi in the middle of nowhere but in a decent sized city and there's not a goddamm thing here. Closest is an hour away and it's expensive as fuuuuuck. I'm talking $40 for like a point amd a half. Been here my whole life and it's been like this for about 5 years now.,"I’m kind of in the same boat actually, I’ve just put together some plugs recently, but it was really fucking hard work.  I live in a VERY small town in BFE right now and there is one plug in the whole town who supplies the four or five street level dealers.  The four or five street level dealers sell half and quarter points for $10, but stepped on to all hell (first time I copped here was their shit, I was like 50+ days sober at the time I believe, I did a half gram and still wasn’t high, just not sick and sluggish).

We are somewhat close to the capital, though, where they have fire ECP stamps (ECP stamps that actually taste and smell like dog food).  In said capital, you can get buns for $30-40 as I understand it.  The main plug that provides to the street level guys goes to the capital, cops a few bricks, and brings it back and distributes to the street dudes for them to chop up and sell as they please.

My middle is said big plug’s cousin or brother or some shit.  He’s a junkie, but he is also the one with the actual connect in the capital.  As a result, he gets a free ride to the capital with the main plug and the main plug tosses him a bit each trip.

After each trip, my middle comes back with a few $30-40 buns (a little cheaper as he gets some tossed on for free) and then sells them to me uncut for $10/bag, but doesn’t cut them at all.  I get fire that I can actually get high off of as well as quasi-decent prices (especially for around here at least) and he makes a few shekels off of each bun and gets some bags to blast himself for free.

It’s a perfectly symbiotic relationship except when he decides to fuck me over even when I’m kind enough to front his ass."
2605,"I’m kind of in the same boat actually, I’ve just put together some plugs recently, but it was really fucking hard work.  I live in a VERY small town in BFE right now and there is one plug in the whole town who supplies the four or five street level dealers.  The four or five street level dealers sell half and quarter points for $10, but stepped on to all hell (first time I copped here was their shit, I was like 50+ days sober at the time I believe, I did a half gram and still wasn’t high, just not sick and sluggish).

We are somewhat close to the capital, though, where they have fire ECP stamps (ECP stamps that actually taste and smell like dog food).  In said capital, you can get buns for $30-40 as I understand it.  The main plug that provides to the street level guys goes to the capital, cops a few bricks, and brings it back and distributes to the street dudes for them to chop up and sell as they please.

My middle is said big plug’s cousin or brother or some shit.  He’s a junkie, but he is also the one with the actual connect in the capital.  As a result, he gets a free ride to the capital with the main plug and the main plug tosses him a bit each trip.

After each trip, my middle comes back with a few $30-40 buns (a little cheaper as he gets some tossed on for free) and then sells them to me uncut for $10/bag, but doesn’t cut them at all.  I get fire that I can actually get high off of as well as quasi-decent prices (especially for around here at least) and he makes a few shekels off of each bun and gets some bags to blast himself for free.

It’s a perfectly symbiotic relationship except when he decides to fuck me over even when I’m kind enough to front his ass.","Yeah man, that doesn't sound like the worst setup in the world but definitely not ideal. But then again dealing with this shit in general is almost never ideal."
2606,Shit atleast you got plugs. I'm semi in the middle of nowhere but in a decent sized city and there's not a goddamm thing here. Closest is an hour away and it's expensive as fuuuuuck. I'm talking $40 for like a point amd a half. Been here my whole life and it's been like this for about 5 years now.,You gotta get with the future and start buying drugs online lol.
2607,Dude who beat me for $40 paid me back...with interest...the fuck?,Y20 blue xanax
2608,Y20 blue xanax,Huh?!?
2609,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"You have to have some landing gear after coke. Oxy, H, Xanax. Whatever. H is great if you're coming down from a binge, need to take the edge off and still be functional. Otherwise it's Xanax for sleep all the way."
2610,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,What do you guys think about wiping your ass after you take a shit? Like bruh seriously is there any other option? Lol just busting your balls. But I won't touch coke or crack without some dope and maybe a Xanax for when I'm done
2611,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"Yeah I always had to do morphine or H after coke or crack. I can’t stand the anxiety associated with the come down. I just wanna nod off and go to bed. Albeit I was never super fond of uppers in general, so it wasn’t a common thing for me. But i’ll never say no to drugs so.."
2612,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"Yes, this is extremely common.  A lot of wealthy professionals like tech and finance folks who get coked out or blast Adderall to work longer and make more often develop Opiate or Benzo addictions in an attempt to find a consistent come down."
2613,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"If I smoke rock without opiates/benzos/both then I’m in for a miserable borderline suicidal night.

If nothing else, clonidine works well and also high dose l-theanine (sublingual) is surprisingly effective at bringing my heart rate down and easing restlessness"
2614,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"Back in the day, at the height of my use I was doing a gram of dope and coke a day, sometimes 2. I would literally lay out 2 equal lines of each, them mix them into one big line, a sniff the whole thing lmao... I would then smoke crack a lil later. Damn I remember how amazing it all was. I'm basically clean now, no dope but the occasional oxy once every couple months."
2615,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,"This is a requirement lmao. Although, since I’m a total fiend, requirement means “nice, but if I can’t make it happen still gonna get high and hate my life coming down without black lol.”"
2616,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,I hated coke without opiates to level it off and negate the come down. Literally dysphoric without them for me overall. No idea how people can binge on coke without something else. They are some tough mofos or something.
2617,Dope after doing coke...thoughts ?,Obv
2618,How much codeine phosphate for first timer?,I’d say 120-150 mg for a good high
2619,How much codeine phosphate for first timer?,"90-120mg. If you dont feel anything dont redose you mignt not metabolise correctly im your liver due to lack of enzymes like me.

You’ll just feel sick"
2620,"90-120mg. If you dont feel anything dont redose you mignt not metabolise correctly im your liver due to lack of enzymes like me.

You’ll just feel sick","That's unfortunate.  Codeine is actually a pretty good high for beginners at the ~150 mg level, provided you can convert 10% of it to morphine.  There are also supermetabolizers who can convert much more, leading to a potential overdose.  OP should proceed with caution and let others know what he/she is doing, just in case."
2621,"That's unfortunate.  Codeine is actually a pretty good high for beginners at the ~150 mg level, provided you can convert 10% of it to morphine.  There are also supermetabolizers who can convert much more, leading to a potential overdose.  OP should proceed with caution and let others know what he/she is doing, just in case.","yeah it sucks.

when i first tried i had a 600mg like 15mg/5ml bottle of codeine linctus and went through atleast 2/3 of it an a night and just by yhe end felt tired, sweaty and a lil sick. 

Then recently tried dihydrocodeine, same thing happened. No effects. 300mg took and spent the evening throwing up"
2622,"yeah it sucks.

when i first tried i had a 600mg like 15mg/5ml bottle of codeine linctus and went through atleast 2/3 of it an a night and just by yhe end felt tired, sweaty and a lil sick. 

Then recently tried dihydrocodeine, same thing happened. No effects. 300mg took and spent the evening throwing up",That sucks.  I got quite the buzz off of 1/4 of a bottle.  There's one type of linctus with a lot of alcohol in it.  That stuff was magical for a newb.
2623,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,Thankfully the plug ended up agreeing to fronting me two
2624,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"I have chase, and I’ve never been able to overdraw my checking account, unfortunately. 

Ive been in your shoes, and even tried “process as credit” for some cashback at a gas station, to no avail."
2625,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"only way I know of is at the gas pump, so, if someone needs 40.00 in gas, they can give you the cash and you can overdraft as the pumps only look for $1 on whatever card you try to use, not positive about ""Chase"" but every card I have had other than prepaid like Greendot worked this way."
2626,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"Unfortunately I don't think you can with Chase. I used to be able to with Bank of America but not anymore. This is not an immediate solution, but have you tried apps like Earnin'? It takes 1-3 days to process but if you have a job (or other source of income), direct deposit and a bank account (which it seems you have all those) you can get money fronted to you. I just used it for exactly this lol. Worked like a charm."
2627,"Unfortunately I don't think you can with Chase. I used to be able to with Bank of America but not anymore. This is not an immediate solution, but have you tried apps like Earnin'? It takes 1-3 days to process but if you have a job (or other source of income), direct deposit and a bank account (which it seems you have all those) you can get money fronted to you. I just used it for exactly this lol. Worked like a charm.",I’m looking to get money tonight before I get paid tomorrow. Not looking to wait 3 days lol
2628,I’m looking to get money tonight before I get paid tomorrow. Not looking to wait 3 days lol,Yeah I know… I was just saying for the future. Because I’m sure you’ll bump up against this problem again. ☺️
2629,Yeah I know… I was just saying for the future. Because I’m sure you’ll bump up against this problem again. ☺️,Haha the good old days.......that’s how I lost my BoA account lol
2630,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,Lol I used to overdraft my chase  account 800 bucks every 2 weeks
2631,Lol I used to overdraft my chase  account 800 bucks every 2 weeks,How would I go about getting just $40 out then?
2632,How would I go about getting just $40 out then?,"Set up debit card coverage. If you have a consistent paycheck theyll let you overdraw about as much as you get in direct deposit in my experience. Its a shitty trap though be warned as i was doing the same exact thing with the same bank youre using and you get caught in this cycle of ""ooh i got paid today! Fuck $400 of it went to overdraft fees"" then you get to the point of ""fuck i aint got enough money to take care of my financial obligations after those overdraft fees were taken out, guess i gotta overdraft it again"" then you are getting to the point where maybe one of your checks isnt as good as usual and it doesnt even let you break even on your account balance, thats where youre trapped because youll just be thinking ""idgaf if i overdraft my account i worked for this damn money and i cant last til my next payday on whatever paltry amount i have now"" trust me man think long and hard about this one because its a killer."
2633,How would I go about getting just $40 out then?,You have a second bank account?
2634,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"There isn’t really a *how* to it. You either can or you can’t. It could depend on the account you have. If you have a free checking acct., or if you have, like, a “plus” checking acct., or any acct. that offers benefits over a standard account. There’s usually a few different types the banks offer when you open your account. Mine, for example, has no overdraft fees and offers up to 1,500 cash advance. If you’re not eligible for a cash advance, the ATM will probably not let you withdrawal money you don’t have in there. You can try getting cash back, but again, depending on what your specific account allows, the transaction can still be denied due to insufficient funds. Good luck. 

An alternative, try requesting in r/borrow

If you’re not familiar with the sub: people request X amount of money, with a promise to pay back X amount plus an interest-like tip, on X date.
(i.e. requesting $40, will pay back $50 on 10/04/19)"
2635,"There isn’t really a *how* to it. You either can or you can’t. It could depend on the account you have. If you have a free checking acct., or if you have, like, a “plus” checking acct., or any acct. that offers benefits over a standard account. There’s usually a few different types the banks offer when you open your account. Mine, for example, has no overdraft fees and offers up to 1,500 cash advance. If you’re not eligible for a cash advance, the ATM will probably not let you withdrawal money you don’t have in there. You can try getting cash back, but again, depending on what your specific account allows, the transaction can still be denied due to insufficient funds. Good luck. 

An alternative, try requesting in r/borrow

If you’re not familiar with the sub: people request X amount of money, with a promise to pay back X amount plus an interest-like tip, on X date.
(i.e. requesting $40, will pay back $50 on 10/04/19)",r/borrow is the shit I never thought it would work since I post here a lot and whatnot but I got a $50 loan within the first hour. Paid it back and have another option now if I ever need a few bucks.
2636,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"If you have overdraft protection you can just buy something at a grocery store or Walmart and get cash back. There’s obvi a fee, but I’ve done it when I’m desperate."
2637,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,[deleted]
2638,[deleted],I tried to do it online in chase’ settings and it said I had no “eligible” overdraft accounts unfortunately.
2639,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,"You can deposit a check at an atm with chase and receive up to $100 or $200 of that deposit immediately.  I would write a check from an old account sometimes when I was desperate and deposit it, take the money out immediately from the atm and it would be a full two days before they realized the check bounced.  By the time the check bounced, my direct deposit would hit to cover the overdraft.  Chase didn't care for this type of behavior one bit and cancelled my account the 2nd time I did it."
2640,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,Overdrafting ability is not specific to the bank you use it’s specific to the way your account was set up. When you opened it you either selected or it was pre-selected based on the product whether to allow the bank to process transactions that will result in an overdraft. Often times people will say no bc they don’t want to incur the fees associated if it happens via error or even to prevent it happening with fraud. If you have bad credit the checking product may have it disabled given they aren’t confident you would be able to repay the amount plus fees if they did process it. Unless you have an additional product called an overdraft line of credit then you will not be able to overdraft at an ATM for sure and most likely nowhere unless it runs just the preauthorization amount first before true amount like someone was mentioning with gas stations above. If it is rejecting it then that is a factor of product and account set up. Call the bank and ask for overdraft protection (also called overdraft line of credit some places) if you want to be able to overdraft in the future but realize your credit score will impact if they allow you to have this product.
2641,How Can I Overdraw Chase Account?,This is what fucked my credit up. I would just take a cash advance out on my credit cards and if end up never paying it back and before I knew it my cards were maxed
2642,This is what fucked my credit up. I would just take a cash advance out on my credit cards and if end up never paying it back and before I knew it my cards were maxed,I don’t have a credit card otherwise I would
2643,Possible Heart attack?,Why don't you go see a doctor instead of asking online. You know considering you might die if you don't and all. Not to mention no one is going to be able to tell you if you had a heart attack or not online. That's something you need to see a doctor for
2644,Why don't you go see a doctor instead of asking online. You know considering you might die if you don't and all. Not to mention no one is going to be able to tell you if you had a heart attack or not online. That's something you need to see a doctor for,"No health insurance, just wanted to see if anyone else ever had something close happen to them"
2645,"No health insurance, just wanted to see if anyone else ever had something close happen to them","And if someone did, then what?"
2646,"And if someone did, then what?",Right if you won't do to the doctor even when you think you might have had a heart attack which is arguably one of the most serious and life threatening health issues you could have what can anyone online say that is going to make you do something about it?
2647,Possible Heart attack?,its definitely cardiac arrest. my grandma went through the same exact symptoms when having a heart attack. go to the emergency room. even without insurance they will still see u. i do it all the time.
2648,its definitely cardiac arrest. my grandma went through the same exact symptoms when having a heart attack. go to the emergency room. even without insurance they will still see u. i do it all the time.,"Admittedly curious as to what has you in the ER ""all the time"""
2649,"Admittedly curious as to what has you in the ER ""all the time""",Same
2650,its definitely cardiac arrest. my grandma went through the same exact symptoms when having a heart attack. go to the emergency room. even without insurance they will still see u. i do it all the time.,It’s DEFINITELY NOT cardiac arrest. If so he’d be dead from the arrest. Does sound like he may have had a myocardial infarction though.
2651,It’s DEFINITELY NOT cardiac arrest. If so he’d be dead from the arrest. Does sound like he may have had a myocardial infarction though.,You can survive a heart attack lol
2652,You can survive a heart attack lol,Yes of course. I’ve helped save many people that were experiencing a heart attack. There is a difference between attack and arrest.
2653,Yes of course. I’ve helped save many people that were experiencing a heart attack. There is a difference between attack and arrest.,Hmmm interesting I will learn more before commenting next time
2654,Possible Heart attack?,"Sounds like anxiety, lay off the crack tbh"
2655,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,"That's how oxy used to be for me. I was up and cleaning everything and talked a mile a minute, wouldn't shut up. When I first did H I didn't get that way, but eventually I did for my first few lines of the day. 

Kind of makes me wonder sometimes like how caffeine makes someone with ADHD mellow out and calm down, like is it something like that? Opposite effects because of your brain chemistry or tolerance? I'd love to find out. Maybe your specific shit is cut with an upper though too?"
2656,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,#3 isnt good for snorting bro.
2657,#3 isnt good for snorting bro.,It's england we don't get anything else
2658,It's england we don't get anything else,Its still pretty much wasted when snorted. I did get very high my first few times snorting #3 but every time since then its done basically fuck all. You'll want to run it on the foil to get any sort of decent effects.
2659,Its still pretty much wasted when snorted. I did get very high my first few times snorting #3 but every time since then its done basically fuck all. You'll want to run it on the foil to get any sort of decent effects.,I've been mixing it with citric acid in water and putting it into a nasal spray bottle
2660,I've been mixing it with citric acid in water and putting it into a nasal spray bottle,"Fair play mate you know what you’re doing, curious as to why you don’t smoke tho? Much less effort and more of a rush imo"
2661,"Fair play mate you know what you’re doing, curious as to why you don’t smoke tho? Much less effort and more of a rush imo","Pure laziness, never bothered to learn and don't want people walking in on me smoking smack off of foil, much less conspicuous to be using nasal spray haha"
2662,"Pure laziness, never bothered to learn and don't want people walking in on me smoking smack off of foil, much less conspicuous to be using nasal spray haha","Yea I guess so mate, you do you, enjoy fam"
2663,"Pure laziness, never bothered to learn and don't want people walking in on me smoking smack off of foil, much less conspicuous to be using nasal spray haha","Smoking is more wasteful anyway despite bioavailability due to waste. You doing fine there. You could always do as you are doing, but butt plug that shit for better bioavailability."
2664,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,Your bags are cut with Folgers coffee homie
2665,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,"You probably suffer from depression or a mood disorder and when you do the dope it makes you ""happy"" or level out. IMO heroin is a cure all for my depression and anxiety and bipolar disorder. If only a doctor could prescribe it to me."
2666,"You probably suffer from depression or a mood disorder and when you do the dope it makes you ""happy"" or level out. IMO heroin is a cure all for my depression and anxiety and bipolar disorder. If only a doctor could prescribe it to me.",Funnily enough I also have bipolar disorder
2667,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,"Very high quality tar gave me energy too when I was using. In all but super high doses. I had undiagnosed sleep issues though so that may have been part of it.

#3 to a small extent, and tar and opium to a greater extent, tend to have other non diacetylmorphine opiates present with some varying degrees of euphoria to respiratory depression to sedation to stimulation ratios. Tar in particular has high levels of 6-monoacetylmorphine which is the god-king of opiates as far as euphoria to other effects goes giving a stimulating effect. Appreciable in top tier tar no doubt.

Some people just react differently to opiates though. I got energy and euphoria and rarely nodded nor even enjoyed nodding. Others get the sedation and love that going as far as preferring fent and analogues with their low euphoria to respiratory depression and sedation ratios.

I'd say you are a lucky one in your reaction."
2668,Why does heroin give me so much energy?,Like cocaine.  I’ve had Oxsee before it’s a lousy drug Dilaudid is a very powerful morphine all the drugs I’ve been taking are in the hospital fentanyl doesn’t work only Dilaudid does
2669,Like cocaine.  I’ve had Oxsee before it’s a lousy drug Dilaudid is a very powerful morphine all the drugs I’ve been taking are in the hospital fentanyl doesn’t work only Dilaudid does,I don't understand what you're trying to say
2670,I don't understand what you're trying to say,Ah yes . Opioids were availibe in places and also stuffs
2671,Ah yes . Opioids were availibe in places and also stuffs,Either English is not your first language or you are monumentally high
2672,Either English is not your first language or you are monumentally high,lmao
2673,Either English is not your first language or you are monumentally high,Haha the first comment I had two thoughts going on at the same time and I rushed and didn’t word it right. The second following comment was a joke. I did laugh at the others reactions. I wasn’t high and English is my first language. Born and raised 🇺🇸
2674,Like cocaine.  I’ve had Oxsee before it’s a lousy drug Dilaudid is a very powerful morphine all the drugs I’ve been taking are in the hospital fentanyl doesn’t work only Dilaudid does,Lol. What?!?
2675,Lol. What?!?,Don't think English was his first language lmao
2676,Don't think English was his first language lmao,Well his last post says he was doing 20mg of dillies. So very very high lol
2677,Well his last post says he was doing 20mg of dillies. So very very high lol,Unfortunately 20mg doesn’t do shit😢
2678,Good way to dose fentanyl?,"Volumetric... Mix it with a certain amount of water, it will mix evenly in water, then you can measure out exact dosages, just make sure your math is right, ask on here if you need a double check."
2679,"Volumetric... Mix it with a certain amount of water, it will mix evenly in water, then you can measure out exact dosages, just make sure your math is right, ask on here if you need a double check.",This seems to be the safest method to accurately measure your dose. I've heard of people making this solution stronger and then putting it in a nasal spray bottle for ease of use and dose control.
2680,Good way to dose fentanyl?,32mg of sub a day? Jesus. I used to sprinkle fent on weed or tobacco and take very small hits. Id usually nod off and pass out after only a couple small puffs. Be very fucking careful.
2681,32mg of sub a day? Jesus. I used to sprinkle fent on weed or tobacco and take very small hits. Id usually nod off and pass out after only a couple small puffs. Be very fucking careful.,Yeah my doctor is very liberal with Suboxone. Most of the time i don't even take the full 32 or even 24.
2682,Good way to dose fentanyl?,"Smoke it on tin foil and take it one hit at a time. Easiest way to gauge the potency and not OD. I wouldn’t recommend snorting it, could do too much at once and that’s the end."
2683,What do u love about it ?,"As macabre as it sounds for real, the fact that one mistake or misdosage can make all my problems go away forever.

Plus seeing the crimson color of blood flood a syringe is really cool too. 

Make sure you stay safe as well"
2684,What do u love about it ?,"Feeling chronic pain melt away, happiest feeling ever..."
2685,What do u love about it ?,"I love to chop my smack and cut the lines, there's just something about the process. And I love the action of snorting things aswell, I used to snort valium and xanax even though I knew it was a waste, I just love to get the lines up my nose"
2686,"I love to chop my smack and cut the lines, there's just something about the process. And I love the action of snorting things aswell, I used to snort valium and xanax even though I knew it was a waste, I just love to get the lines up my nose","Thank you for ur input. This is exactly the kinda reply I'm looking for, I'm talking about the part of the process/ actions that you enjoy and not just the high. But yeh I enjoy chopping up lines (I never snort my opies but I like coke) and cutting the lines out for my lady n I, it's therapeutic almost lol."
2687,What do u love about it ?,"I like shooting. Getting my kit together, lighter, spoon, I love the smell of tar melting. Man I absolutely love sticking it in, I hardly ever miss. Instant gratification"
2688,Curiosity Killed the Sniffing Cat... why does so much #4 get stuck to the straw?,I always assumed because of static. I would usually just cut my straw open and scrape it out with a card to get the leftovers
2689,Curiosity Killed the Sniffing Cat... why does so much #4 get stuck to the straw?,Moisture and cuts that have a high caking ability
2690,Curiosity Killed the Sniffing Cat... why does so much #4 get stuck to the straw?,Static.
2691,Curiosity Killed the Sniffing Cat... why does so much #4 get stuck to the straw?,Instead of doing lines just take a scoop in the end of a straw and do it like a key bump. It doesn't travel through the straw so can't get stuck.
2692,Instead of doing lines just take a scoop in the end of a straw and do it like a key bump. It doesn't travel through the straw so can't get stuck.,That spells drip city to me... do you not tilt back when sniffing here?
2693,Tolerance(s)?,"well, hydro is kinda weak compared to say oxy or something. tried two or 3 times before i realized it wasn’t doing much. that’s just my spin on it tho/based off experience"
2694,"well, hydro is kinda weak compared to say oxy or something. tried two or 3 times before i realized it wasn’t doing much. that’s just my spin on it tho/based off experience",Yea I’ve done an M box and it smacked. I think the hydros aren’t for me.
2695,Tolerance(s)?,"Mbox = 30mg of oxy, which is equal to 45mg of hydro. If you took 5.5pills,thats 27.5mg, or a little over half what an Mbox would do for you.

I note you mentioned you've done mboxes before, so you may have some tolerance built up, depending on what your usage has been like.

CAUTION: Be careful about taking too many of those hydros, each one has 500mg of Acetaminophen. More than 4000/day is very bad for your liver, and you really shouldn't take more than 1000mg in a single sitting either. Hopefully you're not snorting these - Acetaminophen is not meant to be snorted. 

Not preaching, only informing. You do you, just wanted to be completely sure you had this info."
2696,"Mbox = 30mg of oxy, which is equal to 45mg of hydro. If you took 5.5pills,thats 27.5mg, or a little over half what an Mbox would do for you.

I note you mentioned you've done mboxes before, so you may have some tolerance built up, depending on what your usage has been like.

CAUTION: Be careful about taking too many of those hydros, each one has 500mg of Acetaminophen. More than 4000/day is very bad for your liver, and you really shouldn't take more than 1000mg in a single sitting either. Hopefully you're not snorting these - Acetaminophen is not meant to be snorted. 

Not preaching, only informing. You do you, just wanted to be completely sure you had this info.",Thank you! Didn’t know this
2697,Random pick ups?,"20 a pop?
I only do weak opioids like codein or tilidin, which are like 5 a pop here in germany. Are all stronger pills that expensive?"
2698,"20 a pop?
I only do weak opioids like codein or tilidin, which are like 5 a pop here in germany. Are all stronger pills that expensive?",[deleted]
2699,[deleted],That‘s crazy. Now i understand why people switch to dope...
2700,"20 a pop?
I only do weak opioids like codein or tilidin, which are like 5 a pop here in germany. Are all stronger pills that expensive?",Yeah prices in Canada are rediculous
2701,Yeah prices in Canada are rediculous,"Just curious, what was the mg on them?"
2702,"20 a pop?
I only do weak opioids like codein or tilidin, which are like 5 a pop here in germany. Are all stronger pills that expensive?","Yeah my first OC 80 plug pushed them off to me for $20 a piece if i bought more than 10. After he dried up and i found other selling them between 65-100 a piece i was fucking astounded. And here i am 6 years later, a heroin addict in recovery on sub maintenance. Fuck this country lmao."
2703,Random pick ups?,Lol yeah I would love for someone to just randomly sit down next to me and offer me hydromorphone.
2704,Lol yeah I would love for someone to just randomly sit down next to me and offer me hydromorphone.,Agreed!
2705,Random pick ups?,YES lol i was walking by a river recently and offered a dude a cigarette and we got to chatting and SOMEHOW. (i dint even remember how) dope came up aaaand now he's the most reliable dboy ive ever had since i moved. he's ALWAYS up on shit and doesn't put his foot in it and is always available. nothing more u could ask for
2706,YES lol i was walking by a river recently and offered a dude a cigarette and we got to chatting and SOMEHOW. (i dint even remember how) dope came up aaaand now he's the most reliable dboy ive ever had since i moved. he's ALWAYS up on shit and doesn't put his foot in it and is always available. nothing more u could ask for,"Haha nice, still looking for a dboy like that!"
2707,Random pick ups?,You in London pal?
2708,You in London pal?,T-dot sir
2709,T-dot sir,Ayeee
2710,Random pick ups?,"Has my Oxy asked my brain finally, I am at a loss?

I am now thinking Toronto? The reason I ask is if you are in London they must be Palladones no?"
2711,Random pick ups?,$20 for Hydromorphone?  The fuck?  That’s mad expensive!!  I never pay more than $5 for those shits and usually it’s just $3 a pill for em.
2712,Saved my friends life?,"You saved a life, that's awesome! You may have nightmares and be jumpy for a week or two, but know that it goes away."
2713,"You saved a life, that's awesome! You may have nightmares and be jumpy for a week or two, but know that it goes away.","Im good dude, he hung out the next day and smoked some weed together all is well thank jeebus"
2714,Saved my friends life?,<3
2715,<3,<3
2716,Saved my friends life?,"Congratulations!

It's good that you acted to save him--many others would have simply ran away..."
2717,"Congratulations!

It's good that you acted to save him--many others would have simply ran away...",I take care of my people man its who i am
2718,Saved my friends life?,And you still doing the same drugs that have killed so many of your friends? I seriously cant comprehend why anyone would continue doing something they know is killing people.
2719,And you still doing the same drugs that have killed so many of your friends? I seriously cant comprehend why anyone would continue doing something they know is killing people.,Umm this is an opiates subreddit...
2720,And you still doing the same drugs that have killed so many of your friends? I seriously cant comprehend why anyone would continue doing something they know is killing people.,"Shut. The. Fuck. Up. And get off my post, i saved my niggas life, clearly you cant comprehend addiction either so why you even here. Bye Felicia...bitch ass nigga

Edit: i know how fucked up the thought process is of watching my friend almost die and then going and doing the same drug not even 20 minutes later but i garuntee 90% of the people here get that...so truly, why tf are you here and why did you click on my post. Fuck You."
2721,"Shut. The. Fuck. Up. And get off my post, i saved my niggas life, clearly you cant comprehend addiction either so why you even here. Bye Felicia...bitch ass nigga

Edit: i know how fucked up the thought process is of watching my friend almost die and then going and doing the same drug not even 20 minutes later but i garuntee 90% of the people here get that...so truly, why tf are you here and why did you click on my post. Fuck You.",Lmao I understand addiction pretty well in my opinion. The only thing preventing me from going back is the scary thought of death. How many people I would disappoint. How awkward my funeral will be. But hey keep saying that I dont understand addiction  I love it because I chose to not let a drug control my life. You can do the same. Addiction is powerful but I believe everyone has the will power to abstain from anything they put their mind too. Stop allowing this word addiction decide the outcome of your life. You can live with addiction or you can let it push you towards your death. I'd just think watching a friend od would be enough for most to quit the nonsense. Ps I miss opiates everyday. Had to get my mom a perc script yesterday and never in the past 5 years did I want to eat a pill more than I did yesterday. I know I'm still addicted but I know my will power is strong.
2722,Lmao I understand addiction pretty well in my opinion. The only thing preventing me from going back is the scary thought of death. How many people I would disappoint. How awkward my funeral will be. But hey keep saying that I dont understand addiction  I love it because I chose to not let a drug control my life. You can do the same. Addiction is powerful but I believe everyone has the will power to abstain from anything they put their mind too. Stop allowing this word addiction decide the outcome of your life. You can live with addiction or you can let it push you towards your death. I'd just think watching a friend od would be enough for most to quit the nonsense. Ps I miss opiates everyday. Had to get my mom a perc script yesterday and never in the past 5 years did I want to eat a pill more than I did yesterday. I know I'm still addicted but I know my will power is strong.,"You knew shit was killing people back then and was on it...but now you wanna say you cant comprehend how people are doing it knowing that its killing people...aight dawg whatever im not here to argue, im here to tell my story, get positive feedback from my fellow addicts who understand the situation and thats it...you not positive vibes...you can take those somewhere else. Maybe try the subreddit for recovering addicts bc theyd prolly be more on your page. But over here we dont think like dat."
2723,"You knew shit was killing people back then and was on it...but now you wanna say you cant comprehend how people are doing it knowing that its killing people...aight dawg whatever im not here to argue, im here to tell my story, get positive feedback from my fellow addicts who understand the situation and thats it...you not positive vibes...you can take those somewhere else. Maybe try the subreddit for recovering addicts bc theyd prolly be more on your page. But over here we dont think like dat.",Positive vibes? Nah man fent wasnt being pressed into pills when I was doing the shit. When I found out that people were going to start i quit. It wasn't easy but it's the best decision i ever made. I'd definitely be dead otherwise. I cant comprehend how someone can watch someone ode than go do the shit that made their friend od. If you cant understand that your addiction is worse than you might believe. Dont say we dont think like that. That's never good your mind should always be open never closed. I hope one day you'll enter recovery and I hope you never have to lose a friend to addiction again. But dont sugarcoat and get mad at me for telling you the truth.
2724,Positive vibes? Nah man fent wasnt being pressed into pills when I was doing the shit. When I found out that people were going to start i quit. It wasn't easy but it's the best decision i ever made. I'd definitely be dead otherwise. I cant comprehend how someone can watch someone ode than go do the shit that made their friend od. If you cant understand that your addiction is worse than you might believe. Dont say we dont think like that. That's never good your mind should always be open never closed. I hope one day you'll enter recovery and I hope you never have to lose a friend to addiction again. But dont sugarcoat and get mad at me for telling you the truth.,"I aint sugarcoat shit nigga, get the fuck off my post wit dat shit ask anyone and most people have and would done the same shit, i get that some people stop im their tracks after sumn like that but when you been doin dope wince you was 16 when sumn like dat happen the first and only thing you wanna do is get high. You mighta not meant what you said in a bad way but to me it came off as some negative bullshit


Edit: no matter what opiate it is people be dying off it too, fent or not fent. So yuh you knew people was dying and what you was doing was dangerous...hows that for a sugarcoat sweet ass nigga"
2725,"Oxycodone and NDRI, any interaction?",One will cancel out the other if the doses aren’t correct. What you’re doing is called a spotted ball. Be careful because the duration of the drugs are different so if you do too much of one it might kill you if you’re not habituated to it at higher doses. Just know that they’ll potentiate each other but at your dose it should be fine to mix Ritalin and Oxy. A friend of mine used to take Adderall and Oxy all the time and said it was one of the greatest pleasures ever. Long story short he has a really hard dependency to kick
2726,"Oxycodone and NDRI, any interaction?","No one has answered: if these drugs are legal medicines, you can call a pharmacy and ask them."
2727,"Oxycodone and NDRI, any interaction?",I am not familiar with the stims you're taking as I have never personally taken them but I love mixing coke or crack and any and all opiates as well as meth and any and all opiates. I don't see there being a huge difference but I'm also not a great scale as far as making decisions based on my actions. Im more of a fuck it let's see how this goes kind of guy.
2728,How long does Opiate withdrawal typically last?,For.  Fucking.  Ever.
2729,How long does Opiate withdrawal typically last?,"Which one is worse, heroin WD or oxy WD?"
2730,"Which one is worse, heroin WD or oxy WD?",Heroin.
2731,Heroin.,Why?
2732,Why?,I have no idea. I'm not a scientist.
2733,I have no idea. I'm not a scientist.,I meant why as in more intense? Longer? What’s worse about it not the scientific explanation
2734,I meant why as in more intense? Longer? What’s worse about it not the scientific explanation,All of it. Why do you want to know?
2735,"Which one is worse, heroin WD or oxy WD?","Generally, assuming equivalent relative use between opiates, the longer the half life the worse the withdrawals. Short half life opiates will have somewhat more intense withdrawals in comparison, but last far less time. 

Heroin depends a lot on the actual product you have. Pure diacetylmorphine will have a moderate withdraw period and intensity, while diacetylmorphine cut with just fentanyl (mind you, more analogues change this) will have an intense period of withdrawal early thanks to the fent, and continue into to moderate duration and intensity via the diacetylmorphine.

Something like methadone and bupe have long enough half life's to push withdrawals into the weeks to month+ range. That's just straight up acute withdrawal, not even talking post acute withdrawal depression."
2736,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Yo same. I used to drop acid a lot. Prior to that I smoked hella weed. Now weed just fucks me right up. Major existential anxiety as well as normal anxiety. 

However put some meth, codeine, oxy, xanax or other drug in my face its no problem"
2737,"Yo same. I used to drop acid a lot. Prior to that I smoked hella weed. Now weed just fucks me right up. Major existential anxiety as well as normal anxiety. 

However put some meth, codeine, oxy, xanax or other drug in my face its no problem","lmao yep. opiates, benzos, blow, I’m game. Weed or psychedelics? Absolutely not lol."
2738,"lmao yep. opiates, benzos, blow, I’m game. Weed or psychedelics? Absolutely not lol.","I thought I was alone!
I can nose some candy like would kill a horse, two tokes? Ded. Miserable.
Rave days? 10 different chems at once (and I love/d hallucinogens, some pot to even out? Nuuu.

I tried all kinds, went to a few shops that all claim they have the right % or strain, nope. All anxiety hell.
I also can't drink, I get very ill less than half a shot.

So friends? ""oh. No booze no pot? Wow. So clean."" I jokingly say ""nah, I just shot up in the bathroom."" ""jokingly"" because I really just did, and it makes me giggle inside, cause they're laughing at how crazy that'd be :/"
2739,"I thought I was alone!
I can nose some candy like would kill a horse, two tokes? Ded. Miserable.
Rave days? 10 different chems at once (and I love/d hallucinogens, some pot to even out? Nuuu.

I tried all kinds, went to a few shops that all claim they have the right % or strain, nope. All anxiety hell.
I also can't drink, I get very ill less than half a shot.

So friends? ""oh. No booze no pot? Wow. So clean."" I jokingly say ""nah, I just shot up in the bathroom."" ""jokingly"" because I really just did, and it makes me giggle inside, cause they're laughing at how crazy that'd be :/",lmao thats ma dawg
2740,"lmao yep. opiates, benzos, blow, I’m game. Weed or psychedelics? Absolutely not lol.",See the weird part is psychedelics yes
2741,See the weird part is psychedelics yes,"Different strokes man, do you trip while you are in active addiction or in periods of sobriety? Or both?"
2742,"Different strokes man, do you trip while you are in active addiction or in periods of sobriety? Or both?",When I was in addiction. Havent tripped in a large blue moon
2743,When I was in addiction. Havent tripped in a large blue moon,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.
2744,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,"Lmaoo the only time I tripped during active addiction I got stuck looking at myself in the mirror like “look at you man wtf are you doing to yourself, you’re a junkie!” I was like staring at my track marks. It was really an awful feeling that stuck with me"
2745,"Lmaoo the only time I tripped during active addiction I got stuck looking at myself in the mirror like “look at you man wtf are you doing to yourself, you’re a junkie!” I was like staring at my track marks. It was really an awful feeling that stuck with me",Did you continue to use after that?
2746,Did you continue to use after that?,"Million dollar question, had a similar experience and it rattled the shit out of me. Put me off both."
2747,"Lmaoo the only time I tripped during active addiction I got stuck looking at myself in the mirror like “look at you man wtf are you doing to yourself, you’re a junkie!” I was like staring at my track marks. It was really an awful feeling that stuck with me",See that's happened to me just after smoking some dang weed... if course it wasn't enough to get me to quit at the time
2748,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,"I tripped about 40 times in active addiction , and about 170 times at least before active addiction. I can say that I haven’t noticed any negative effect during active addiction besides the fact of the random thoughts of how much money I spend and how I want to change my life . But the psychedelics offer me the vision to see how to change my way of life , what route to take . I could see how in a mindset you could have a bad trip. But it’s all what you make it. I haven’t tripped in over a year now and I feel I need to trip as I feel it’s almost a reset button on my depression and anxiety & negative thoughts"
2749,"I tripped about 40 times in active addiction , and about 170 times at least before active addiction. I can say that I haven’t noticed any negative effect during active addiction besides the fact of the random thoughts of how much money I spend and how I want to change my life . But the psychedelics offer me the vision to see how to change my way of life , what route to take . I could see how in a mindset you could have a bad trip. But it’s all what you make it. I haven’t tripped in over a year now and I feel I need to trip as I feel it’s almost a reset button on my depression and anxiety & negative thoughts",How is mixing opiates and lsd?
2750,How is mixing opiates and lsd?,It’s very nice. Doesn’t dull the trip as much as with Xanax but still offers a great deal of relief if you get some L that brings a “tense” feeling . I quite enjoyed it actually.
2751,How is mixing opiates and lsd?,I like to mix Norco or percs with my lsd I only take 5 or 10mg when i do take one while frying.  More than that is a waste imo.
2752,"I tripped about 40 times in active addiction , and about 170 times at least before active addiction. I can say that I haven’t noticed any negative effect during active addiction besides the fact of the random thoughts of how much money I spend and how I want to change my life . But the psychedelics offer me the vision to see how to change my way of life , what route to take . I could see how in a mindset you could have a bad trip. But it’s all what you make it. I haven’t tripped in over a year now and I feel I need to trip as I feel it’s almost a reset button on my depression and anxiety & negative thoughts","I couldn't imagine tripping right now in the state of mind that I'm in, plus after finding out I have a serious history of mental illness in my family, fuck that. Shit, if I had known about all the fucked-up mental health history in my family I probably wouldn't have done all that acid and mushrooms to begin with while I was in high school."
2753,"I couldn't imagine tripping right now in the state of mind that I'm in, plus after finding out I have a serious history of mental illness in my family, fuck that. Shit, if I had known about all the fucked-up mental health history in my family I probably wouldn't have done all that acid and mushrooms to begin with while I was in high school.",I definitely understand that . I probably wouldn’t have done it either had I known I would develop mental illness myself . I now have severe anxiety and depression but they are well managed with weed and Xanax currently . I know there’s better ways to manage but this works at the moment. Definitely wish I could go back and do it all one more time though
2754,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,Knew someone that did this. He had an awful time.
2755,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,yeah i havent tripped acid since high school this is too true
2756,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,"Yes!!!! When i tripped last year i fucking hated myself. Promised to get clean, but guess whis still using a year after.."
2757,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,Or you can just do heroin on acid and call it good
2758,Tripping during addiction sounds like a good way to be forced to face some uncomfortable truths and hate yourself.,"Nah when I was at the peak of my addiction I would trip all the time no problem. Just took loads of drugs, whatever I could get really, psychedelics were just another way to get fucked up haha."
2759,See the weird part is psychedelics yes,Same tho. I like psychs a lot but weed and i have a more difficult relationship.
2760,"lmao yep. opiates, benzos, blow, I’m game. Weed or psychedelics? Absolutely not lol.",Couldn’t possibly agree more with this. Funny how shit changes over time.
2761,"Yo same. I used to drop acid a lot. Prior to that I smoked hella weed. Now weed just fucks me right up. Major existential anxiety as well as normal anxiety. 

However put some meth, codeine, oxy, xanax or other drug in my face its no problem",What is existential?
2762,What is existential?,"he means that when he gets high he starts freaking out a little about questions like, ""am I even real?"" or starts thinking about how small we are compared to the universe and all of time - so everything that has ever happened or will happen might be completely meaningless."
2763,"he means that when he gets high he starts freaking out a little about questions like, ""am I even real?"" or starts thinking about how small we are compared to the universe and all of time - so everything that has ever happened or will happen might be completely meaningless.",I love it
2764,I love it,I love your name
2765,What is existential?,Like out of body type experiences
2766,"Yo same. I used to drop acid a lot. Prior to that I smoked hella weed. Now weed just fucks me right up. Major existential anxiety as well as normal anxiety. 

However put some meth, codeine, oxy, xanax or other drug in my face its no problem",Same besides opiates.
2767,"Yo same. I used to drop acid a lot. Prior to that I smoked hella weed. Now weed just fucks me right up. Major existential anxiety as well as normal anxiety. 

However put some meth, codeine, oxy, xanax or other drug in my face its no problem","Holy shit this is me
Huge stoner before a terrible acid trip 
Acid ruined weed"
2768,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"No weed here..or booze...just healthy organic foods, water and extra strength opiates."
2769,"No weed here..or booze...just healthy organic foods, water and extra strength opiates.","Exactly the same here! Hello brother!
It's hilarious. We mostly cut meat, lots of veggies, low blood sugar for my diabetes 2, but smash that fent/dope/whatever it happens to be that day."
2770,"Exactly the same here! Hello brother!
It's hilarious. We mostly cut meat, lots of veggies, low blood sugar for my diabetes 2, but smash that fent/dope/whatever it happens to be that day.","Another vote for lots of water, healthy eating, exercise and getting high af every day here!"
2771,"Another vote for lots of water, healthy eating, exercise and getting high af every day here!","Yall remind me of a powerlifter/football player that went to my college. I don't know if he continued to play football in college, maybe during his first couple years. Sold me my first bag of boomers.  Some penis envy, that bag changed my life.  He ended up ODing on heroin a few years later, had no idea he did anything other than weed/psychs.  I guess yall don't smoke, but the image of an opiate addict is so far from reality"
2772,"Yall remind me of a powerlifter/football player that went to my college. I don't know if he continued to play football in college, maybe during his first couple years. Sold me my first bag of boomers.  Some penis envy, that bag changed my life.  He ended up ODing on heroin a few years later, had no idea he did anything other than weed/psychs.  I guess yall don't smoke, but the image of an opiate addict is so far from reality","Yeah I was amazed when I started scoring, waiting for my gear with a load of suited professionals. Most people think I'm happy all the time because I'm healthy, and that is a bit of it I guess but mainly cos I'm always fucked!"
2773,"Yall remind me of a powerlifter/football player that went to my college. I don't know if he continued to play football in college, maybe during his first couple years. Sold me my first bag of boomers.  Some penis envy, that bag changed my life.  He ended up ODing on heroin a few years later, had no idea he did anything other than weed/psychs.  I guess yall don't smoke, but the image of an opiate addict is so far from reality",Penis envy is fucking great!
2774,"Another vote for lots of water, healthy eating, exercise and getting high af every day here!","Heroin feels so much better with a good diet, exercise and hydration. Hell I used to go jogging on dope lol"
2775,"Heroin feels so much better with a good diet, exercise and hydration. Hell I used to go jogging on dope lol","Yeah agreed, I've noticed a huge difference in my happiness since I've stepped up the healthy lifestyle again. The days of dope depression have been history for a long time."
2776,"No weed here..or booze...just healthy organic foods, water and extra strength opiates.",Same here dude! Don’t smoke or drink k but love opiates every day...only drink water and try to eat as healthy as possible...
2777,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I have a theory on this. Many people say they loved weed before they got into opioids, but cant do it anymore.

What Ive noticed is this: when you smoke weed on a regular basis you get mellow stoned. When you smoke only on occasion, it is super intense and more of a mind-fuck.

When people get into dope, whether it be that they cant affford both (and dope wins), or whatever the reason, if you dont smoke more than twice a week its not gonna be the mollow ""stoned"" you remember, but an anxiety filled ride almost like a bad trip.

This is whats happening here and why dope users end up transitioning away from weed entirely..If you continue to smoke on a regular basis its sll good, they synergize very well together."
2778,"I have a theory on this. Many people say they loved weed before they got into opioids, but cant do it anymore.

What Ive noticed is this: when you smoke weed on a regular basis you get mellow stoned. When you smoke only on occasion, it is super intense and more of a mind-fuck.

When people get into dope, whether it be that they cant affford both (and dope wins), or whatever the reason, if you dont smoke more than twice a week its not gonna be the mollow ""stoned"" you remember, but an anxiety filled ride almost like a bad trip.

This is whats happening here and why dope users end up transitioning away from weed entirely..If you continue to smoke on a regular basis its sll good, they synergize very well together.",This should be top comment.
2779,"I have a theory on this. Many people say they loved weed before they got into opioids, but cant do it anymore.

What Ive noticed is this: when you smoke weed on a regular basis you get mellow stoned. When you smoke only on occasion, it is super intense and more of a mind-fuck.

When people get into dope, whether it be that they cant affford both (and dope wins), or whatever the reason, if you dont smoke more than twice a week its not gonna be the mollow ""stoned"" you remember, but an anxiety filled ride almost like a bad trip.

This is whats happening here and why dope users end up transitioning away from weed entirely..If you continue to smoke on a regular basis its sll good, they synergize very well together.",exactly. combined with bud getting considerably stronger over the years
2780,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Just wait until they see what a square you look likr on the day all your connects get arrested or go out of town simultaneously...

I have noticed a lot of users quit when they FIRST get addicted. I did. I said the same as you -- weed was anxiogenic and I wanted to relax.

Well, as I got older and my addiction went on weed actually started to relieve the stress if my addiction to heroin. It became a great comfort during withdrawal, it allowed me to see my situation from the Birds eye view, and guess what??? From that perspective, a little dope sickness really AINT SHIT. And I can actually enjoy some goddamned music. Now, a lot of dope sickness (ie wd from a really big habit) really is shit, but it STILL isn't THAT bad, and it's still mostly just a bad flu if you keep the proper mentality (and a couple of subs, 10 Valium, and 20 400 mg gabapentin, along with the aforementioned cannabis doesn't hurt either).

Anyways... Bottom line, I do smoke herb again although I tend to smoke less during the worst parts of my addiction. Just smoking a little herb after being abstinent from it for a couple weeks tends to rein my use in, which is always a good thing. N

It makes me think twice about my use. In a good way.

Now, if I smoke TOO much, this self analysis can go too far and produce some anxiety or depression. But, that's just taking too much. Taking too much dope makes me, ya know, FUXKING DIE, so I just don't do that, and too much weed makes me anxious, so I just dont do that."
2781,"Just wait until they see what a square you look likr on the day all your connects get arrested or go out of town simultaneously...

I have noticed a lot of users quit when they FIRST get addicted. I did. I said the same as you -- weed was anxiogenic and I wanted to relax.

Well, as I got older and my addiction went on weed actually started to relieve the stress if my addiction to heroin. It became a great comfort during withdrawal, it allowed me to see my situation from the Birds eye view, and guess what??? From that perspective, a little dope sickness really AINT SHIT. And I can actually enjoy some goddamned music. Now, a lot of dope sickness (ie wd from a really big habit) really is shit, but it STILL isn't THAT bad, and it's still mostly just a bad flu if you keep the proper mentality (and a couple of subs, 10 Valium, and 20 400 mg gabapentin, along with the aforementioned cannabis doesn't hurt either).

Anyways... Bottom line, I do smoke herb again although I tend to smoke less during the worst parts of my addiction. Just smoking a little herb after being abstinent from it for a couple weeks tends to rein my use in, which is always a good thing. N

It makes me think twice about my use. In a good way.

Now, if I smoke TOO much, this self analysis can go too far and produce some anxiety or depression. But, that's just taking too much. Taking too much dope makes me, ya know, FUXKING DIE, so I just don't do that, and too much weed makes me anxious, so I just dont do that.","Doing the subs, clonazepam, weed diet right now.  Problem is in Canada we still get the white tablet subs with the arrow on the back. And insufflating really helps with bioavailability. Right now I'm on 8mg a day. Was thinking of switching to methadone but would rather not die and no idea what the equivalent dose is. See my sub doctor tomorrow. Shrink next week. I also take lyrics which is great for those i want full agonist cravings. Suboxone does nothing for me when sublingual. I know it's not supposed to get you high but come on give me a little bit of a boost. Maybe I'll roll my way up to 12 mg of subs and that 16.24 and then start tapering back down and then bring Kratom back into the picture start smoking some weed"
2782,"Doing the subs, clonazepam, weed diet right now.  Problem is in Canada we still get the white tablet subs with the arrow on the back. And insufflating really helps with bioavailability. Right now I'm on 8mg a day. Was thinking of switching to methadone but would rather not die and no idea what the equivalent dose is. See my sub doctor tomorrow. Shrink next week. I also take lyrics which is great for those i want full agonist cravings. Suboxone does nothing for me when sublingual. I know it's not supposed to get you high but come on give me a little bit of a boost. Maybe I'll roll my way up to 12 mg of subs and that 16.24 and then start tapering back down and then bring Kratom back into the picture start smoking some weed",Kratom is the only thing that saved me from the depths
2783,"Doing the subs, clonazepam, weed diet right now.  Problem is in Canada we still get the white tablet subs with the arrow on the back. And insufflating really helps with bioavailability. Right now I'm on 8mg a day. Was thinking of switching to methadone but would rather not die and no idea what the equivalent dose is. See my sub doctor tomorrow. Shrink next week. I also take lyrics which is great for those i want full agonist cravings. Suboxone does nothing for me when sublingual. I know it's not supposed to get you high but come on give me a little bit of a boost. Maybe I'll roll my way up to 12 mg of subs and that 16.24 and then start tapering back down and then bring Kratom back into the picture start smoking some weed","Subs, clonazepam, weed diet. Mu favourite diet."
2784,"Doing the subs, clonazepam, weed diet right now.  Problem is in Canada we still get the white tablet subs with the arrow on the back. And insufflating really helps with bioavailability. Right now I'm on 8mg a day. Was thinking of switching to methadone but would rather not die and no idea what the equivalent dose is. See my sub doctor tomorrow. Shrink next week. I also take lyrics which is great for those i want full agonist cravings. Suboxone does nothing for me when sublingual. I know it's not supposed to get you high but come on give me a little bit of a boost. Maybe I'll roll my way up to 12 mg of subs and that 16.24 and then start tapering back down and then bring Kratom back into the picture start smoking some weed","Honestly, you'll probably get a bigger high from lower doses of sub.

And yes, Lyrica and similar drugs like gabapentin definitely help with cravings. They just also have their own dependence and withdrawal.

An equivalent dosage to 8 mg of subs intranasal (or really any dose above like 4 to 8 sublingual or equivalent in other routes of administration, eg 3 to 6 mg intranasal) would be about 30 mg of methadone. Maybe 40. Subs don't ever really do much more than what 40 mg of methadone does.

Again, increasing your sub dose will not add much if any ""good"" opioid effects. There's a ceiling on it's activity at the mu receptor. Going up will either do nothing or give you a bigger dependence to subs other (sorta weird) effects without making you feel any better."
2785,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"“You want to blaze?”

“No thanks man I don’t really care for w-“

“WHAT!?! YOU DONT LIKE WEED??? WHATS WRONG WITH YOU SQUARE!? WELL ITS PROBABLY BECAUSE YOU HAVENT HAD THE RIGHT STRAIN, SEE THERE’S INDICA WHICH IS MORE OF A HEADY HIGH AND THEN SA-“

Every. Fucking. Time. Shut the fuck up, I do real drugs. Go buy another Bob Marley blacklight poster and keep sucking on that big glass dick you spent $300 on..."
2786,"“You want to blaze?”

“No thanks man I don’t really care for w-“

“WHAT!?! YOU DONT LIKE WEED??? WHATS WRONG WITH YOU SQUARE!? WELL ITS PROBABLY BECAUSE YOU HAVENT HAD THE RIGHT STRAIN, SEE THERE’S INDICA WHICH IS MORE OF A HEADY HIGH AND THEN SA-“

Every. Fucking. Time. Shut the fuck up, I do real drugs. Go buy another Bob Marley blacklight poster and keep sucking on that big glass dick you spent $300 on...","Damn man, your drug addiction IS cooler haha"
2787,"Damn man, your drug addiction IS cooler haha","It's not even about being cooler, it's about how every time you try to tell a stoner ""I'm alright, thank you though"" they freak the fuck out about how anyone could possibly not like weed."
2788,"It's not even about being cooler, it's about how every time you try to tell a stoner ""I'm alright, thank you though"" they freak the fuck out about how anyone could possibly not like weed.","Not true at all. More for me. Idc if you dont smoke. But hey keep doing your ""real drugs"" I'll keep smoking my weed. I dont like the thought of overdosing."
2789,"Not true at all. More for me. Idc if you dont smoke. But hey keep doing your ""real drugs"" I'll keep smoking my weed. I dont like the thought of overdosing.","> Not true at all. More for me. Idc if you dont smoke. 

Oh okay, so the thing that we have all experienced several times is not true because you don’t do it. Thanks, your sample size of... one, has been noted.  I’ll be sure to add that data to the study. 

> But hey keep doing your ""real drugs"" I'll keep smoking my weed. I dont like the thought of overdosing.

Maybe you should be circlejerking with all of the other highschoolers and cheeto-stained kids over in r/trees instead then?

Do whatever drugs you want man. I don’t know why you’re acting so defensive, did I hurt your feelings by telling a story of something that a lot of us have experienced?  Maybe you need to smoke some weed and chill out maaaaan."
2790,"> Not true at all. More for me. Idc if you dont smoke. 

Oh okay, so the thing that we have all experienced several times is not true because you don’t do it. Thanks, your sample size of... one, has been noted.  I’ll be sure to add that data to the study. 

> But hey keep doing your ""real drugs"" I'll keep smoking my weed. I dont like the thought of overdosing.

Maybe you should be circlejerking with all of the other highschoolers and cheeto-stained kids over in r/trees instead then?

Do whatever drugs you want man. I don’t know why you’re acting so defensive, did I hurt your feelings by telling a story of something that a lot of us have experienced?  Maybe you need to smoke some weed and chill out maaaaan.",Im dead. This is like watching my highschool stoner self argue with myself now.
2791,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I know I’m in the overwhelming minority but I don’t smoke, drink, or do any other drugs apart from heroin, which I use I.V.  I think this is probably because I had significant clean time, and relapsed on dope and I saw no reason to fuck around with drugs I just saw as things in the way of an opiate high."
2792,"I know I’m in the overwhelming minority but I don’t smoke, drink, or do any other drugs apart from heroin, which I use I.V.  I think this is probably because I had significant clean time, and relapsed on dope and I saw no reason to fuck around with drugs I just saw as things in the way of an opiate high.",Damn that's some real shit vro. Hope you doing fine these days
2793,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Weed gives me anxiety and audio hallucinations so i don't do it. Plus the stomach ache after the endless munchies really sucks.
2794,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"OMG YES

 Crazy anxiety and lingering depersonalization/derealization starting the next day or two. I wanted so much to love weed. People claim they've got off opiates and benzos with it.  I vape very small amounts now bc I find my painkillers kick in better. But have to be careful lol. Last time I screwed w edibles I was fucked for a day and a half plus...I wish it was a  good type of fucked! I can eat handfuls of pills, mushrooms, acid....but THC can easily put me in a bad place lol 

That was long, but ya never know who could be dealing with the same issues :)"
2795,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I’m a super low key addict, if you knew my job you’d be extremely surprised. I also don’t smoke weed, it gives me anxiety and I also can get randomly drug tested (in process of quitting boy as we speak). I use to love weed in fr and so year of college, then in jr year anytime I smoked I would get super paranoid... anxious... and it just was completely undesirable and not fun so I stopped and haven’t smoked since."
2796,"I’m a super low key addict, if you knew my job you’d be extremely surprised. I also don’t smoke weed, it gives me anxiety and I also can get randomly drug tested (in process of quitting boy as we speak). I use to love weed in fr and so year of college, then in jr year anytime I smoked I would get super paranoid... anxious... and it just was completely undesirable and not fun so I stopped and haven’t smoked since.","Is it pharmacy? 

I'm in the exact same situation right down to the drug tests. How do you maintain being a professional low-key addict?"
2797,"Is it pharmacy? 

I'm in the exact same situation right down to the drug tests. How do you maintain being a professional low-key addict?","No not pharmacy, and I’ve dealt with it for 6+ years but I’m just finally starting to get help as my wife and I are over dealing with the constant cycle of being sick then being high and the ups and downs of each. I’ve never shot up in all that time of using (another 3 years before the 6 doing pills, 6 doing boy), that’s the main reason why I was able to keep being a functioning addict. Speak to a councilor over the phone tomorrow who is gonna answer questions for me regarding getting on subs and if my employer can see it (yes hippa laws protect, but specific jobs may not etc)"
2798,"No not pharmacy, and I’ve dealt with it for 6+ years but I’m just finally starting to get help as my wife and I are over dealing with the constant cycle of being sick then being high and the ups and downs of each. I’ve never shot up in all that time of using (another 3 years before the 6 doing pills, 6 doing boy), that’s the main reason why I was able to keep being a functioning addict. Speak to a councilor over the phone tomorrow who is gonna answer questions for me regarding getting on subs and if my employer can see it (yes hippa laws protect, but specific jobs may not etc)",[deleted]
2799,[deleted],Yeah I do take kratom now unfortunately it’s illegal in my state so now so easy for me to buy
2800,Yeah I do take kratom now unfortunately it’s illegal in my state so now so easy for me to buy,[deleted]
2801,[deleted],"I appreciate it homie but I am working right now and I don’t really have any health issues besides trying to quit boy. There’s many others worse off than me, I’ll be alright"
2802,"I appreciate it homie but I am working right now and I don’t really have any health issues besides trying to quit boy. There’s many others worse off than me, I’ll be alright",[deleted]
2803,[deleted],"Oh I work sick all the time lol. I don’t shoot just sniff so my withdrawals are never so bad that I can’t work, just not fun an annoying to work but I’m physically capable"
2804,"I’m a super low key addict, if you knew my job you’d be extremely surprised. I also don’t smoke weed, it gives me anxiety and I also can get randomly drug tested (in process of quitting boy as we speak). I use to love weed in fr and so year of college, then in jr year anytime I smoked I would get super paranoid... anxious... and it just was completely undesirable and not fun so I stopped and haven’t smoked since.",Same buddy. You'd be pretty surprised at my situation as well 🤫
2805,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Hate the smell of weed and the taste of it in joints. Never been a fan of it.
2806,Hate the smell of weed and the taste of it in joints. Never been a fan of it.,Same here. I'd compare it to the horrible taste of alcohol that people seem to pretend to enjoy.
2807,Same here. I'd compare it to the horrible taste of alcohol that people seem to pretend to enjoy.,"Not at all comparable in taste, or flavor.  Also, I honestly do enjoy some alcohol and really enjoy a lot of types of beer. As for weed, i doubt that hardly anybody is pretending to enjoy the smoke and flavor of a strain."
2808,"Not at all comparable in taste, or flavor.  Also, I honestly do enjoy some alcohol and really enjoy a lot of types of beer. As for weed, i doubt that hardly anybody is pretending to enjoy the smoke and flavor of a strain.","For me personally I find the smell and taste of weed disgusting, as I do alcohol, but they taste completely different."
2809,"For me personally I find the smell and taste of weed disgusting, as I do alcohol, but they taste completely different.","I also didn’t mean to compare flavors of alcohol and weed with each other. i meant compare them with themselves, such as one strain vs another strain pr one drink vs another drink."
2810,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"same scenario has happened to me multiple times at work. I go outside to puff my vape a few times during my shift and 3/5  times one of my coworkers will be outside and be like ""here bro, hit this"" and its a weed pen. so many times, I have declined, responded with  ""I have to get back to work"", go inside, then proceed to smoke a foil in the employee restroom.

if only they knew brotha, if only they knew lol"
2811,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I wanted to add, I'm a low key highly (pun intended) functional addict. I'm addicted because I need the pain control but it also boosts my energy allowing me to be more social and productive. Crazy productive. 

I'm on the parent council and today I baked 3 dozen cookies and 4 dozen cupcakes from scratch. Prepped meals for 4 people for the week. Took care of and brought kids to and from school and dance. Cleaned my house and did all of the laundry. Made phone calls and basic other Mom stuff. All while taking quick breaks to shove dilaudid up my nose. I've been this way for  a very long time, nobody, not even my husband,  knows.

Editing to add: my productive day may not sound like a lot to many reading this but most of the people I know with my conditions spend most of their time immobile."
2812,"I wanted to add, I'm a low key highly (pun intended) functional addict. I'm addicted because I need the pain control but it also boosts my energy allowing me to be more social and productive. Crazy productive. 

I'm on the parent council and today I baked 3 dozen cookies and 4 dozen cupcakes from scratch. Prepped meals for 4 people for the week. Took care of and brought kids to and from school and dance. Cleaned my house and did all of the laundry. Made phone calls and basic other Mom stuff. All while taking quick breaks to shove dilaudid up my nose. I've been this way for  a very long time, nobody, not even my husband,  knows.

Editing to add: my productive day may not sound like a lot to many reading this but most of the people I know with my conditions spend most of their time immobile.",How do you deal with the inevitable tolerance build up for doing it for so long?
2813,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I rarely smoke. Every time I smoke bud I get panic attacks and crazy suicidal thoughts, but there’s also underlying issues (untreated bipolar disorder), which I know is fucked up and typing this out should tell me to do something but man, there’s just WAY too much to even speak about lol"
2814,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Weed just makes me think about the things I hate about myself like my addiction etc. and won’t let me think about anything else while I’m high so i don’t do it anymore lol.
2815,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I haven't been able to have an enjoyable experience with marihuana since my first weed induced anxiety attack when i was 18. Before that, i was full blown stoner. Then one extra dank bud and i started thinking about how vulnerable we are as humans to getting maimed and killed and it fucked me up real bad to say the least."
2816,"I haven't been able to have an enjoyable experience with marihuana since my first weed induced anxiety attack when i was 18. Before that, i was full blown stoner. Then one extra dank bud and i started thinking about how vulnerable we are as humans to getting maimed and killed and it fucked me up real bad to say the least.",Same bro I’ve seen a few people say the same thing. One bad anxiety attack from weed and it’s a wrap on the stoner days
2817,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Anyone who mocks someone for not using any drug is a fucking cunt.   Ideally, we would all walk the earth in complete homeostasis, every chemical in our brains in balance.   That's not the case because we're all damaged in some way, most drug use or abuse is an attempt to right the ship.

If you tested everyone, even the anti-drug crusaders, you'd find a majority of people have one or more of legal, non-prescription drugs like coffee, alcohol, nicotine, THC, psychotropic drugs (Xanax, SSRIs, etc), high levels of refined sugar, etc.

And the ""clean"" ones are on some other trip, like religion, or they're into pedophilia, they beat their wives and children, or they're just plain nasty people.

Do what you have to do to get by and try not to damage yourself or others.  Besides that, there are no rules.  I smoke weed because my system loves it, I might suggest it for someone with certain medical issues."
2818,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I don’t use anymore but for some reason heroin made me hate weed and get super paranoid. I used to smoke all the time before opiates even a good amount when doing blues. But as soon as I stopped doing heroin I started smoking again it felt great.
2819,I don’t use anymore but for some reason heroin made me hate weed and get super paranoid. I used to smoke all the time before opiates even a good amount when doing blues. But as soon as I stopped doing heroin I started smoking again it felt great.,"Exactly my experience. Used to smoke all the time, before I ended up here. First time i WDed, I tried weed to help and I wanted to claw my brain out."
2820,I don’t use anymore but for some reason heroin made me hate weed and get super paranoid. I used to smoke all the time before opiates even a good amount when doing blues. But as soon as I stopped doing heroin I started smoking again it felt great.,I had the same thing happen when I started using but never was able to start smoking again when I slowed down and eventually stopped
2821,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"My ex did. I never liked it and still don't. 

It is kjnd of like the opiate users that wither like alcohol or don't"
2822,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Where they 12 years old? Also what field do you work in?
2823,Where they 12 years old? Also what field do you work in?,"Haha we are all early 20s and they were just messing around, work in the service industry."
2824,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Dude weed gives me major anxiety now too, I don't know what it is since I used to smoke for years daily and be fine. The messed up thing is I still smoke it anyway, Ive learned to enjoy the anxiety and feeling-like-im-dying lol. I think the weeds just gotten stronger. Plus I used to smoke K2 and I think that fucked up my cannabinoid receptors. Rither way I think weed is best left alone if it gives you anxiety."
2825,"Dude weed gives me major anxiety now too, I don't know what it is since I used to smoke for years daily and be fine. The messed up thing is I still smoke it anyway, Ive learned to enjoy the anxiety and feeling-like-im-dying lol. I think the weeds just gotten stronger. Plus I used to smoke K2 and I think that fucked up my cannabinoid receptors. Rither way I think weed is best left alone if it gives you anxiety.",Spice fucked up everything for me that involved my psych. I had a small type of schizophrenia which eventually went away after lots of weed for the next 1 and a 1/2 years to 2 years after i quit smoking spice. I could continue and go on about all the short and long term effects of spice and how i would advocate against whatever chemical happens to be in that batch because most of the potpourris are worse than even heroin. I found that out when i heard of addicts switching to spice because they weren’t suffering from opiate withdrawals as much as it was spice that was giving them terrible withdrawals.
2826,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Can’t think of any funny stories at the moment. But I was definitely the “square” or the “prude” of my group. I stopped smoking around 16/17 after being a heavy smoker for the last 3-4 years. I mean like a smoke tons of weed every day heavy user. For exactly the same reason as you. It made me extremely paranoid with awful anxiety. 

It was actually the group inside joke to ask me if I want to hit the bong whenever it’d go around. I also gave up drinking relatively young. And shortly after partying and all other drugs that weren’t opiates. And of course no one knew/knows I use(d) opiates. I was the tiny shy quiet naive innocent girl who was hopelessly in love with someone who didn’t love her back. (Jokes on him tho bc after waiting for 4 years we finally got together and are now engaged and together going 7 years strong)

Everyone pretty much thought I just got super serious about school but the truth is a really bad mushroom trip ruined all drugs for me. I’ve never been more scared except for the time my ex best friend OD’ed in my living room. After the bad trip I couldn’t be on anything that left me feeling ‘out of control/not completely in control of myself’.

Opiates specifically oxycodone hit that perfect sweet spot. I could get high and also feel super safe calm and in control of myself. I guess it’s usually the ones who appear the most innocent and put together that are really the ones with the darkest secrets."
2827,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Pot gives me anxiety too. I used to smoke it everyday in high school, then bam, one day I couldn’t stop overthinking everything.  I used to love LSD in high school, but the last trip I had was a bit out there. It wasn’t bad, but I was overthinking again.

I think the majority of us smoke pot. We do it because it gets us away from thinking about shit. I don’t mind small amounts of psychedelics now, but it does make you see things much more clearly. I’d prefer psychedelics over pot any day!"
2828,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I love mainline h but hate smoke pot. It's not for me man.
2829,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"This Happened yesterday with me. I’m pretty introverted but I’m “cool” with everyone at my job, they are a bit younger, it’s wild to think I just turned 30, but my coworkers always smoke and ask me to join them and I just blame it on probation. I’m a pretty anxious person already and weed makes my anxiety and over analyzing everything go to a ten it’s so uncomfortable. This is common in opiate users I’ve come to find out over the years, people that used to smoke mad weed when they started using opiates, they started to hate weed. When you’re clean it’s even worse lol. Maybe it’s a chemical change in the brain or maybe we expect an opiate like high subconsciously and it’s something not even close. Who knows but I’m with you and I’m sure hundreds of people in this sub are too lol."
2830,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"yeah dude I've never really liked weed because of the anxiety it gives me (but it does improve my perception of music a lot, which is one aspect I appreciate). Before I became a daily dope user, I'd maybe do weed once in a while if I were really bored, but once my drug habit became serious, I would spend all my money on heroin and coke. I knew what kind of high I liked, so why sacrifice a bellringer or two just to get some weed? And now that I'm on methadone, I'm not supposed to test positive for thc if I want take-homes. 

Psychedelics were the first drugs I ever did and I really appreciate my experiences on them, but absolutely none of them were 'fun' or totally enjoyable, barring maybe the time I did DMT (took a xanax beforehand, but also it was so intense an experience, I couldn't get caught up in anxious thoughts-- I was too busy just being strapped in for the ride). 

I had a similar experience to you in college. Definitely was assumed to be a teetotaller because I didn't drink or partake in any visible drug use of any kind (although I would have if I knew more people at my college who used harder drugs). There was an arrogance and also an insecurity/anxiety behind it though. Anyway, that was a few years ago. Managed to hide my dope habit throughout 2 years as a data engineer in silicon valley, until I began speedballing, which made me spectacularly implode in a matter of months."
2831,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Used to be me, but now being on benzos, weed is super nice. No anxiety and i know my limits. can always smoke more but cant undo too much if you catch my drift. like a weed OD except it’s not fatal, you just puke for a couple hours and that aint fun"
2832,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Fucking hate smokin pot
2833,Anybody else not smoke weed?,For me the opiate high no matter dose or route of administration always is underwhelming but still nice. However I won't indulge in opiates without weed but I am a heavy cannabis user who could smoke back to back gram blunts of the loudest loud. When combined however opiates are quite a profound high I must admit.
2834,For me the opiate high no matter dose or route of administration always is underwhelming but still nice. However I won't indulge in opiates without weed but I am a heavy cannabis user who could smoke back to back gram blunts of the loudest loud. When combined however opiates are quite a profound high I must admit.,Same dude something about mixing the two is soo nice.
2835,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I smoke now and then. I can handle the nervous breakdown it gives me. But if I'm around others I will usually double my daily dose of kpins. Then weed is like total bliss. Then sleep.
2836,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Its called a functioning addict. Lol. 

But yeah same. Couldnt smoke it would make me anxious."
2837,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Heroin helped me quit weed. I’m gonna try medical marijuana pills, I mainly just hate smoking but need some kind of pain relief stronger than Tylenol. Can’t touch my opibabies any more, slightest use and I’m on a run with the worst withdrawals after four hours."
2838,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Yeah weed gives me hella anxiety. Lady says to smoke indica but any strain trips me up. On probation too...
2839,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I usually say “I don’t smoke weed anymore”, or “I don’t like being around people when I smoke weed” or something that makes it clear that I’m chill but weed just gets too freaky for me to be around people but I don’t mind chilling with people when they smoke, because weed is a “gateway drug” only in the sense that many people use it to check if you’re chill with drugs and I don’t like missing out on the other stuff. Most people who actually know me are like wtf when the find out I don’t smoke cuz I’ll do a shot of meth, heroin and pcp but somebody offers me a joint and I’m like HELL NAH BOI I ain’t tryna die today lmao"
2840,"I usually say “I don’t smoke weed anymore”, or “I don’t like being around people when I smoke weed” or something that makes it clear that I’m chill but weed just gets too freaky for me to be around people but I don’t mind chilling with people when they smoke, because weed is a “gateway drug” only in the sense that many people use it to check if you’re chill with drugs and I don’t like missing out on the other stuff. Most people who actually know me are like wtf when the find out I don’t smoke cuz I’ll do a shot of meth, heroin and pcp but somebody offers me a joint and I’m like HELL NAH BOI I ain’t tryna die today lmao",Something super sarcastic like “u fucken druggo” or “pls try not to overdose on the marijuanas” does the trick too lol
2841,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Weed is such a boring drug. I've tried it around 5-6 times and it just didn't really do anything for me, though I suppose with such high standards as opiates nothing is really comparable. 

I used to be a heavy alcohol drinker too before having touched opiates, and now I can't stand alcohol. Tried a few different psychedelics and MDA and was also not that much of a fan, usually don't care for uppers at all with the only exception being coke, and even then I'm eh. 

Unless it's an opiate, benzo or ketamine I don't really care that much for it."
2842,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Yeah no I’m not a weed person I used to smoke everyday but quit for about 5 years last year I hit like a little one hitter of some medical shit. Let me tell you that I was praying to god not to let me die  the shit they got now it too damn potent I just can’t do it anymore
2843,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I used to shoot heroin before going to class in college.
2844,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Weed's the only way I'm able to eat and keep food down, due to some undiagnosed motility issue. If I don't have any green to calm my nausea and ensure the food moves from my stomach to my bowels, then hours after I eat -- when the stomach should normally already be empty again -- I'll vomit back up _everything_ I'd eaten since the last time I threw up. In the past I've lost up to 30lbs in a few weeks and become grossly dehydrated and malnourished, to the point that my skin was flaking off and my hair was falling out. 
But yeah, in the end I'm just thankful that you guys _have_ and can take the option to not smoke weed. 

Granted, I'm not complaining _too much_ about it being something _I need,_ because I always have enjoyed a nice bowl every now and then, even before I got sick, but it starts to weigh on you when you realise you're no longer just getting high _for fun,_ and it gets expensive needing to smoke any time I eat, and I'm not financially stable enough to really continue this way; I am grateful to be relying on a natural drug as opposed to shit the Pharma shills try to get me hooked on so I'm drawn into their vortex of addiction, dependence and enabling, though. 

Another nice little positive to the whole thing is that it's gotten so much easier to obtain than it used to be (especially for a socially awkward nobody who lives out in the middle of Buttfuck Nowhere, Manitoba, Canada and doesn't know _any_ dealers personally and had to rely on another pothead to contact her dealer for me; she was a toxic, shady as fuck, _dirty ass lying whore of a ""friend""_ and _you know_ she never let me forget or live any of the times when I'd ask her to pick up for me down -- not that she'd ever _let me_ stop using her as a middle-man anyway, since she'd lose her ability to steal money and weed from me at every chance [sorry for the rant, it's a bit of a sore spot >.<]) since Canada rolled out the big okay for recreational marijuana and opened up dispensaries everywhere -- now there's one twenty minutes away where I can talk to super knowledgeable employees about what strains suit me best and I know if I find a good one I can rely on them to still be carrying it next time I'm there; not like when I was buying unreliable ditch weed from friend-of-a-friend dealers, where you have no idea where it's coming from, if you'll ever be able to get it again, the conditions it was grown in, if the dealer likes you enough to sell to you again or even _what strain you were just sold!_"
2845,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"After I started dope, I could not smoke pot. I found that out on New Years a few years back...I took one good puff and had to sit and wait for everyone to be distracted so I could crawl off and find a place to lie down. I just remember staring at the TV and thinking it seemed even weirder than usual lol."
2846,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Weed is like the most intense drug there is imo lol. Coke, opiates, physchedlics no problem but I can't handle herb anymore"
2847,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I love how everyone just talks non chalant about their addiction to opiates like its a fad.

Hey guys, one day it'll destroy your lives and you will be left with nothing, in rehab or jail, or worse. Talking about it is ok, talking it up seems so juvenile."
2848,"I love how everyone just talks non chalant about their addiction to opiates like its a fad.

Hey guys, one day it'll destroy your lives and you will be left with nothing, in rehab or jail, or worse. Talking about it is ok, talking it up seems so juvenile.","Agree strongly, but this is r/opiates, so"
2849,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"the weed these days is so good i get that paranoid anxious feeling from one hit. i just can’t do it. i smoked heavy for years but after opiates entered the game it just wasn’t enjoyable anymore. 

the same deal for alcohol as well. i went from drinking a six pack or more every night to not being able to finish a beer. half of it was because nurturing my opiate high was more important but the other half was because it wasn’t enjoyable. im certain that once i get clean i’ll be back to drinking steadily no problem"
2850,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Weed only gives me anxiety if I'm shooting H. It makes me think about the damage I'm doing to my body and I can convince myself I fucked my heart up from injecting. If I'm not on opiates weed is my best friend.
2851,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Weed saved me from opiates. I used to get anxious when using heroin, pills and all, and then smoking on top of that. Now I only smoke weed and it's chill and better than the fog and stress and cravings from opiates.

I know this was not your question, but I felt the need to weigh in."
2852,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Was a pothead throughout my teens, but much like OP and others here, paranoia, anxiety, etc. ruined it for me. 

The one exception I've discovered were some 100% Indica (pretty sure it was Indica, anyways), 10mg gummies that were recommended by a friend of mine that works for a large edibles company in Colorado, and were among the goodies a group of mutual friends brought back after their 4-20 vacation. 

None of the negatives, just a nice, ~6 hour, full body high. The best, and totally unexpected, aspect of the experience was the complete lack of cravings for dope. Would love to stock up on those bad boys."
2853,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I know sooooo many heroin addicts who won’t smoke weed bc it makes them paranoid... like it’s this very common thing. I feel the EXACT same way- will not touch weed, unless it’s shake, I’m alone, in front of a tv, with copious amounts of food. 

The weird thing is a smoked a shit ton of weed til I was 23/24. Then boom, all of a sudden it’s the worst thing ever."
2854,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I would smoke a little when I was using fent but after I quit fent I got addicted to weed and got high literally any time I possibly could. Now my tolerance to weed is so high that I have to quit for a while. I don’t get high from any amount of weed, edibles, dabs, etc I just can’t get high. My vision gets different and I feel it in my body but I just don’t get high at all. For some reason I’ve never had any anxiety or bad highs from weed, so it was really easy to become dependent on it after fent"
2855,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I don't smoke weed.  I hate it.  But I'm growing it 😂  my elderly neighbor had cancer so Im growing it for them.  I even tried CBD and not a fan.
2856,I don't smoke weed.  I hate it.  But I'm growing it 😂  my elderly neighbor had cancer so Im growing it for them.  I even tried CBD and not a fan.,I've been growing for almost twenty years myself. It started as a hobby but now I'm really good at it. I have a few people that only get it from me because they think all of the new *fancy* stuff is full of chemicals. They still pay top dollar for my mids and I've come to rely on the extra income for my play money.
2857,I've been growing for almost twenty years myself. It started as a hobby but now I'm really good at it. I have a few people that only get it from me because they think all of the new *fancy* stuff is full of chemicals. They still pay top dollar for my mids and I've come to rely on the extra income for my play money.,"I'm having a good time with it. Its my first year doing this.  Had no idea what i was doing but learned a ton in another sub.  I already chopped a few males.  I have a few good females left.  I hope they do well.  My elderly neighbors are so cute.  The husband is over checking the plants all the time.  He says they look good.  His wife is paralyzed in a wheelchair and had the cancer but they both smoke it.  He had knees and hips done.   Its amazing the ambition he still has (more than me!!)  He does get pain pills but doesn't take them. He has one old friend that knows when he is supposed to get the script and shines around only to freeload the pills.  Last month my neighbor said, ""fuck off (name)!""  Lmao.  Anyway, this couple is like family to me, I just LOVE them.  Actually the entire block is all old guys that smoke.  My dad is 74 and smokes too.  A few years ago another neighbor handed me a tupperware and said,,hey give this to your dad for Xmas.   Here Im thinking its cookies.  I look later and its weed 😂  Im the transporter and I don't even know it 😂😂😂"
2858,I've been growing for almost twenty years myself. It started as a hobby but now I'm really good at it. I have a few people that only get it from me because they think all of the new *fancy* stuff is full of chemicals. They still pay top dollar for my mids and I've come to rely on the extra income for my play money.,Why do U grow mids if ur really good at it?
2859,I've been growing for almost twenty years myself. It started as a hobby but now I'm really good at it. I have a few people that only get it from me because they think all of the new *fancy* stuff is full of chemicals. They still pay top dollar for my mids and I've come to rely on the extra income for my play money.,Dad?
2860,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Dude I’m the same lol I don’t drink or smoke any only drink water 90% of the time lol...I am clean cut,and a family man...I just sniff tar cut with lactose and pop pills but it’s auper low key and has been for roughly 5 years give or take...nice to know there are other cool users like myself out there."
2861,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I couldn’t imagine my life without weed, but I have a lot of friends and coworkers that either don’t smoke, or only once in a while.  I always offer, though.  And that goes for more than weed, I’m all about sharing my drugs with my friends."
2862,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Omg if I took Psychedelics now you could just wheel me right to the mental hospital. No way! That ship sailed twenty years ago for me.
2863,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Used to be a teacher and a heroin addict at the same time. Lots of professional junkies out there.
2864,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"THCV Blocks CB1 receptors, panic receptors for opiate users. CB2 receptors are the opposite, where weed gives people the munchiesand slows them down affecting mathematical abilities in a negative way, Willie Nelson, Afghani,proprietary  Doug's Varin are some strains with enough THCV to block CB1 receptors. I agree with you but it is more of a diverse plant than the masses know."
2865,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I was a really big pothead, esp in my 20s and through college. Ever since being on heroin I’ve had no interest in smoking weed and it more often gives me anxiety when I do. I usually just tell people that and leave the heroin part out and they don’t pressure me. 

I’d rather people think I was a square than a heroin addict so keep up the look. Unfortunately there’s way too much stigma in the world"
2866,"I was a really big pothead, esp in my 20s and through college. Ever since being on heroin I’ve had no interest in smoking weed and it more often gives me anxiety when I do. I usually just tell people that and leave the heroin part out and they don’t pressure me. 

I’d rather people think I was a square than a heroin addict so keep up the look. Unfortunately there’s way too much stigma in the world","I hsve a horrid reaction to pot. Just paranoid, terrified, and all it did for withdrawls was curb my nausea. The smell of it is enough to send me into a mild PTSD reaction."
2867,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Dude I hate pot, I used to love it, smoked it for nearly 10 years everyday, but in my early twenties it just started to give me massive amounts of anxiety for some reason ."
2868,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Weed gets me waaay to fucked up, so I like to stick with the safe stuff like heroin and meth"
2869,Anybody else not smoke weed?,I was put off weed for a couple years but got back into it recently. It made me nauseous and paranoid.
2870,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"“ yeah i declined a joint from my coworkers , nothing personal it just gives me anxiety, THEN I PROCEDED TO SNORT HEROIN”"
2871,"“ yeah i declined a joint from my coworkers , nothing personal it just gives me anxiety, THEN I PROCEDED TO SNORT HEROIN”",you know you are on r/opiates right man?
2872,you know you are on r/opiates right man?,Yeah i mean im not talking shit bro just a joke
2873,Yeah i mean im not talking shit bro just a joke,"I thought so lol, no worries"
2874,"“ yeah i declined a joint from my coworkers , nothing personal it just gives me anxiety, THEN I PROCEDED TO SNORT HEROIN”","A heroin**e** is a female who faces danger or adversity and displays courage. Heroin is a name for diacetylmorphine which comes from its sale as branded product by Bayer in the early 1900s.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/opiates) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
2875,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Id always feel guilty if id smoke after shooting up, thank god i dont live that way anymore."
2876,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Me, weed sucks"
2877,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I was in rehab for H at 18. I had never smoked weed yet. Everyone made fun of me
 The end."
2878,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Do now, didn't on dope"
2879,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"They offered me weed, I declined. I then proceeded to go snort heroin"
2880,"They offered me weed, I declined. I then proceeded to go snort heroin",🤷🏼‍♂️
2881,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Nah people dont freak out if you dont smoke weed. Idk who your circle of friends are but that literally just doesn't happen. Now with heroin I see people all over this thread freaking out if I say something. Ad about it. Y'all all know you are playing a game with life and death every time you shoot up. Maybe your friends freak out you dont smoke weed because you do heavy drugs. Maybe they dont want you to die and they freak out to smoke weed because the chances of dying from a joint is a lot less likely than sticking a needle with some heroin into your veins.
2882,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I don’t smoke weed anymore cuz it makes me freak out and have crazy panic attacks, used to smoke daily though."
2883,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"Same boat exactly  its hilarious  even guys who work  for me laugh at me for not drinking or smoking weed, little do they know about the 90+ mg of dilaudid  30+ mg of temazepam  and whatever other fun things  from plastic  orange bottles i do everyday😂 and they think in staight edge. Fuck id be doin  dope to if real dope was actually  sold around me"
2884,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I used to care about looking and acting like a normie to ""hide"" my use, but as time went on, i realized everyone can eat my ass if they don't like it."
2885,Anybody else not smoke weed?,"I smoke all day, everyday, unless I do meth. To me, meth+weed is the only drug combo I really hate."
2886,Anybody else not smoke weed?,Depends on the strain. Kush (Indica) has mostly low THC and doesn't fuck my shit up. The psychedelic aspect of Haze just always leads to panic attacks/anxiety
2887,Why do ROA effectiveness' vary user to user?,What is your DOC?
2888,What is your DOC?,"Omg what a moron I am. Told ya it worked LOL

Dilaudid - editing my original post!"
2889,"Omg what a moron I am. Told ya it worked LOL

Dilaudid - editing my original post!","Dilaudid has terrible oral bioavailability so it’s not a surprise that sniffing or boofing them worked better. Sniffing bypasses the GI tract so it doesn’t have to get processed in your stomach first. Oxycodone for example has like a 90% oral bioavailability so any ROA would work, but IMO eating is the best option for those  unless you’re trying to circumvent the time release. The differences between IV and oral dilaudid are insaaaaane 😆"
2890,"Dilaudid has terrible oral bioavailability so it’s not a surprise that sniffing or boofing them worked better. Sniffing bypasses the GI tract so it doesn’t have to get processed in your stomach first. Oxycodone for example has like a 90% oral bioavailability so any ROA would work, but IMO eating is the best option for those  unless you’re trying to circumvent the time release. The differences between IV and oral dilaudid are insaaaaane 😆","That whole post was a hot mess. What I'm wondering is why snorting works much better for some while boofing works much better for others..

Omg yessss, I've had IV dillaudid quite a few times for surgeries/procedures and it's almost not even comparable to oral!"
2891,Why do ROA effectiveness' vary user to user?,"of course it can damage your nasal cavities, deviate your septum, etc. Listen to your body when to lay off, and snort a little bit of water and hold your head back sometimes after you use, or get something to help moisturize your nasal cavities. 

&#x200B;

Honestly your post doesn't make much sense to me, the only thing I can think of is that people are doing it wrong. Look up a guide on how to boof and see if you did it right."
2892,"of course it can damage your nasal cavities, deviate your septum, etc. Listen to your body when to lay off, and snort a little bit of water and hold your head back sometimes after you use, or get something to help moisturize your nasal cavities. 

&#x200B;

Honestly your post doesn't make much sense to me, the only thing I can think of is that people are doing it wrong. Look up a guide on how to boof and see if you did it right.","Stupid question, but how would one know damage is taking place? Would I be looking for pain mainly? Thanks for the advice - I'll grab an atomizer tomorrow and fill it with water.

I had a hard time explaining what I intended with that post. Not sure why. But it ended in a word salad.

 It stems from reading many posts where someone will ask
 ""I have 8mg of hydromorphone, should I snort or boof it?""
Some responses will suggest booding to OP since snorting did nothing for them and other responses will say the opposite. 

Then my own results got me wondering.. why am I getting intended results from snorting (and not from the Hershey highway) but the next chick is opposite and had poor results snorting..."
2893,"Stupid question, but how would one know damage is taking place? Would I be looking for pain mainly? Thanks for the advice - I'll grab an atomizer tomorrow and fill it with water.

I had a hard time explaining what I intended with that post. Not sure why. But it ended in a word salad.

 It stems from reading many posts where someone will ask
 ""I have 8mg of hydromorphone, should I snort or boof it?""
Some responses will suggest booding to OP since snorting did nothing for them and other responses will say the opposite. 

Then my own results got me wondering.. why am I getting intended results from snorting (and not from the Hershey highway) but the next chick is opposite and had poor results snorting...","Your nostrils will be dry, snorting will hurt more than normal, you might get nosebleeds more easily. That’s when you know you gotta take it easy. It will be obvious. Although you’ll probably be alright, snorting opioids is relatively easy on the nose compared to more caustic chemicals like meth. 

About the boofing inconsistencies, if it didn’t work the boofer might have done it wrong or they had a giant shit in their pipes blocking absorption or something.

I want to also stress that a minute after snorting, wet your fingers with some water or get a little water cupped in your hand and lean your head back and snort a tiny amount of water. It will help with the drying out of your nostrils and make you feel a little better but it will also help break down any powder stuck to some boogers or whatever since what you’re snorting is water soluble"
2894,Pain Management Clinic trying to shake me?,"The end game for every patient is to get off opiates, in the doctor's eyes. There's very few conditions where you would ask the doctor and they would say ""I would recommend you stay on opiates for the rest of your life"" . So I don't know if your situation is appropriate, it sounds like you're still in a lot of pain and you have a pretty low prescription. I would ignore her snide comments and continue to tell the truth. There is nothing you can do if the stim is not working. If you need to go see the surgeon again to make her happy, go see the surgeon again. I don't know what else to say besides she's probably not trying to get rid of you, but it doesn't sound like she's going to give you any more."
2895,"The end game for every patient is to get off opiates, in the doctor's eyes. There's very few conditions where you would ask the doctor and they would say ""I would recommend you stay on opiates for the rest of your life"" . So I don't know if your situation is appropriate, it sounds like you're still in a lot of pain and you have a pretty low prescription. I would ignore her snide comments and continue to tell the truth. There is nothing you can do if the stim is not working. If you need to go see the surgeon again to make her happy, go see the surgeon again. I don't know what else to say besides she's probably not trying to get rid of you, but it doesn't sound like she's going to give you any more.","Which to me is odd since she has been the one spouting about finding my appropriate dosage. She has tried everything on me. NORCO 7.5, 10, PERCOCET 5, 7.5, 10, MORPHINE tablets-15mg. This was all before the stim mind you."
2896,Pain Management Clinic trying to shake me?,Look for another doctor...
2897,Pain Management Clinic trying to shake me?,"It’s amazing how much the pain management clinics have changed.  15 years ago I had 12 different doctors I was paying off to get massive qty of oxy 80s and Xanax.  Let me tell ya, a lot of these doctors are greedy mother fuckers, and it always comes down to money.  I
Know they’re getting pressure from the DEA and the feds these days, but it sucks to hear so many people talk about how they can’t get their meds that they legit need for pain."
2898,Pain Management Clinic trying to shake me?,"Your ankle isn't 8 or 9 out of ten. Pass a kidney stone, that's fucking BRUTAL enough that it made me puke from the pain for hours, and that still wasn't an 8 or 9."
2899,"Your ankle isn't 8 or 9 out of ten. Pass a kidney stone, that's fucking BRUTAL enough that it made me puke from the pain for hours, and that still wasn't an 8 or 9.",r/gatekeeping
2900,"Your ankle isn't 8 or 9 out of ten. Pass a kidney stone, that's fucking BRUTAL enough that it made me puke from the pain for hours, and that still wasn't an 8 or 9.",Lol. Pain pills aren’t for excruciating pain in most cases they’re for pain that’s annoying and constant. These fuckin doctors are ridiculous nowadays cause of the dea
2901,Lol. Pain pills aren’t for excruciating pain in most cases they’re for pain that’s annoying and constant. These fuckin doctors are ridiculous nowadays cause of the dea,"Annoying? How annoying? A little? A lot? are we talking about mild/moderate pain here because IME I've been able to manage on Tylenol / ibuprofen with moderate pain. I'm in no way saying it's good for your body (and yes this pain is constant as well) in my ankle too. It wasn't until I've had severe constant pain that I can't do without pain pills, I will be bed bound and unable to function."
2902,"Annoying? How annoying? A little? A lot? are we talking about mild/moderate pain here because IME I've been able to manage on Tylenol / ibuprofen with moderate pain. I'm in no way saying it's good for your body (and yes this pain is constant as well) in my ankle too. It wasn't until I've had severe constant pain that I can't do without pain pills, I will be bed bound and unable to function.","I think a lot of people who take opiates are telling the truth when they say that their pain is an 8. That's because they've been on opiates for awhile and they're super sensitized almost. Your pain tolerance goes down after using these things for a while. I have a prescription, I have a serious illness. And when I say serious I mean terminal. And it was hard for me to get them at 1st. That's partially because a lot of people are going in and asking for it when it's not really ""medically necessary"". But I do believe they're telling the truth when they rate their pain. It's unfortunate but it's true, when your tolerance for these things goes up your pain tolerance goes down

Edit: OP... I was not talking about you in particular. I was talking about people who are going in for what docs would consider mild pain and expecting opiates"
2903,"Your ankle isn't 8 or 9 out of ten. Pass a kidney stone, that's fucking BRUTAL enough that it made me puke from the pain for hours, and that still wasn't an 8 or 9.",Eh I've had dozens of kidney stones unfortunately.  I'm so used to them I kinda like the pain now.  How fucked up is that?!?!?   I dont know how to post a pic but if you saw the size of one.of them I passed...lol
2904,How much for withdrawals?,Ya what you have is not enough it may b for 1  “dose” to touch heroin withdrawal
2905,Ya what you have is not enough it may b for 1  “dose” to touch heroin withdrawal,"I agree. Unless it’s some sort of capsulated extract. He’s going to need more. 

But 7 grams might stretch out to 2 doses depending on his wds"
2906,Ya what you have is not enough it may b for 1  “dose” to touch heroin withdrawal,I can get more no problem I just wanted to try it first
2907,How much for withdrawals?,Ive taken kratom for years. 3 grams is a good starter dose.
2908,Ive taken kratom for years. 3 grams is a good starter dose.,Thanks! Would the red or green be best?
2909,Thanks! Would the red or green be best?,Red maeng da. Get that strain. Or any red if you cant find that one.
2910,How much for withdrawals?,7 gram per pill?? Those would be huuuge pills. Or is it extract and equivalent to 7g? My dose is 5g 3 times a day. If i just came off dope it's like 7 grams 4 times a day.
2911,7 gram per pill?? Those would be huuuge pills. Or is it extract and equivalent to 7g? My dose is 5g 3 times a day. If i just came off dope it's like 7 grams 4 times a day.,.7 per pill.
2912,7 gram per pill?? Those would be huuuge pills. Or is it extract and equivalent to 7g? My dose is 5g 3 times a day. If i just came off dope it's like 7 grams 4 times a day.,"Lol. Good eye, tiger."
2913,How much for withdrawals?,"Omahgawd, I thought you said 7 grams in each pill"
2914,How much for withdrawals?,"I suggest Red Bali strain. 


Depends on how much H you've been using. Could take quite a lot of kratom for some people. Takes me around 7-10 grams to feel like im not dying."
2915,is a low flame better to smoke off foil ?(Heroin#3),Yes. You should vaporize and not burn it.
2916,is a low flame better to smoke off foil ?(Heroin#3),"It's really difficult to describe without seeing. You want it at an angle so when it's heated and liquifies it runs and makes a trail. Its way better to angle it too steep then too flat. If it's angled too steep the worst that can happen is a hit or two are left on the trail and you can just go back over those spots. If it's too flat it's like a frying pan, it just Burns and bubbles and doesn't run. As for the flame I've always preferred a bic lighter, and only touching the foil with the tip of the flame. 

TL:DR - 45° is generally ideal, but it's better to angle it too much than too little"
2917,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?",I wonder if you have something with a really long half life and you haven't really hit the shit yet. I hope I'm wrong. I hope your withdrawals are as easy as possible. But a lot of these chemicals are really weird and I've seen posts where people don't go into withdrawal until 3 or 4 days later.  So just have whatever comfort meds you would normally need just in case
2918,I wonder if you have something with a really long half life and you haven't really hit the shit yet. I hope I'm wrong. I hope your withdrawals are as easy as possible. But a lot of these chemicals are really weird and I've seen posts where people don't go into withdrawal until 3 or 4 days later.  So just have whatever comfort meds you would normally need just in case,"I was totally thinking that. But two things...my friend does it to and starts feeling it 12 hours in. Also my withdrawls go sneezing(12-24hrs), cold  sweats (12-24hrs), restlessness (30ish hrs), tummy issues (30ish hrs), muscle pains (30-48hrs)...in that order and now I feel slight tummy issues and muscle pains. I'm totally not complaining I'm just confused and have never had something like this happen."
2919,"I was totally thinking that. But two things...my friend does it to and starts feeling it 12 hours in. Also my withdrawls go sneezing(12-24hrs), cold  sweats (12-24hrs), restlessness (30ish hrs), tummy issues (30ish hrs), muscle pains (30-48hrs)...in that order and now I feel slight tummy issues and muscle pains. I'm totally not complaining I'm just confused and have never had something like this happen.",Idk...take the win lol
2920,Idk...take the win lol,You right. I'm hella grateful.
2921,You right. I'm hella grateful.,"Happy for you, fr. I hate reading the withdrawal horror stories. Hope it continues to be as easy as possible"
2922,"Happy for you, fr. I hate reading the withdrawal horror stories. Hope it continues to be as easy as possible",Thank you so much! I'm sure we have all been there before. Appreciate the support
2923,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?",East coast? The fentadope has been strange lately
2924,East coast? The fentadope has been strange lately,Yeah! Lower east coast state.
2925,East coast? The fentadope has been strange lately,Are you in the upper or lower east states?
2926,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?","I don't know...I have experienced similar to you. When I would go even a few hours without oxy, the headache would set in and then within 12 hours every other symptom. I'm now taking pressed pills. I didn't have anything from last night around 6pm until today at noon. I was sick, don't get me wrong, but NOTHING like how I would have felt off just oxy. I'm wondering as Bubble said if it's some weird long half life. I'm scared to try and find out lol!"
2927,"I don't know...I have experienced similar to you. When I would go even a few hours without oxy, the headache would set in and then within 12 hours every other symptom. I'm now taking pressed pills. I didn't have anything from last night around 6pm until today at noon. I was sick, don't get me wrong, but NOTHING like how I would have felt off just oxy. I'm wondering as Bubble said if it's some weird long half life. I'm scared to try and find out lol!",Me too! But the half life thing seems odd to me. Because I've been withdrawaling but nothing like it has been in the past just like you! Sometimes I want to quite and only do it once a week but the real reason I don't is because I'm so freaking scared of the withdrawal. But if this comes without cold sweats I have nothing to fear. I wish you well
2928,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?",One time I thought this but it just came a couple days later. However everyone seems at some point to get out of jail free pass.
2929,One time I thought this but it just came a couple days later. However everyone seems at some point to get out of jail free pass.,I really hope it's mine! But I know I said this like 5 times but I'm experiencing some withdrawal but the last stages that take effect (muscles pains) and not the ealier ones (cold sweats). Did that also happen to you?
2930,I really hope it's mine! But I know I said this like 5 times but I'm experiencing some withdrawal but the last stages that take effect (muscles pains) and not the ealier ones (cold sweats). Did that also happen to you?,It’s different for everyone. Cold sweats are like the first thing to come and last to go for me
2931,It’s different for everyone. Cold sweats are like the first thing to come and last to go for me,Oh yeah same for me! But the cold sweats are a straight up no show. Which is the worst part so I'm all good without it
2932,Oh yeah same for me! But the cold sweats are a straight up no show. Which is the worst part so I'm all good without it,"Honestly the worst part for me is RLS. Not even the migraines, or nonstop bowel, runny nose, throwing up, cold sweats lol."
2933,"Honestly the worst part for me is RLS. Not even the migraines, or nonstop bowel, runny nose, throwing up, cold sweats lol.",Ah that's really interesting....I've never had someone say that's the worst part. It must be severe for you
2934,Ah that's really interesting....I've never had someone say that's the worst part. It must be severe for you,"yeah the RLS/Skin crawling/restless body is by far my worst symptom, followed by the chills/feeling freezing cold.   I'd happily take the other symptoms if I could just lie still for 5 minutes

my last day 2 I literally didn't know what to do with my body. I'd go in my mothers room, try to sleep in there, flip flop around for a minute or two, go back into my room, roll on my bed; repeated that for basically 30 hours..."
2935,Ah that's really interesting....I've never had someone say that's the worst part. It must be severe for you,It’s just the thing that leads to insomnia for me at least. Maybe the pounding headaches too but when I have a bad flu and I’m just puking in cold sweats I can even sleep. Not with the other symptoms
2936,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?",Try some Kratom it helps with the stomach pain
2937,Try some Kratom it helps with the stomach pain,Oh you know it! I make my own little capsules. I've tried Coffee the toss n' wash...but cant handle it that way. But capsules work like a charm
2938,"Haven't been withdrawaling like I have in the past, but why?",Mid East coast but my guy got his stuff on a road trip to Atlanta and it’s been strange
2939,Can you split OxyContin 80?,Just cut it and chew up half
2940,Just cut it and chew up half,You don’t think it’s kinda dangerous to split em tho ?
2941,You don’t think it’s kinda dangerous to split em tho ?,"If you are only taking half, think of it as taking 40 mg of instant release oxy. So if you normally take 30, this would be like taking 10 more. It's going to hit you slower though. What kind do you have? Like what markings are on the pill"
2942,"If you are only taking half, think of it as taking 40 mg of instant release oxy. So if you normally take 30, this would be like taking 10 more. It's going to hit you slower though. What kind do you have? Like what markings are on the pill",Green OP 80
2943,Green OP 80,"Ok, the OP are the hardest to ""make instant release"".  You could cut this in half and take it and it would still be like taking an extended release pill. The extended release is distributed throughout the pill, it's not just a coating. You'll find that when you go to cut it, it's extremely hard so a pill cutter really is the best way to do it. If I was you I would cut it up into really tiny pieces and parachute it or you can try to chew it up but it's really rubbery. These are the ones that people say to drop in a small glass of Coca-Cola overnight and that breaks the instant release mechanism. With the theory being that it's an acidic solution so it's like sitting in your stomach so the oxy is released. I've done it a few times and it does feel like an instant release pill but I don't know if you wanna weigh 8 hours lol. So your best bet is to chew it up and like I said that would be like taking 40 mg of oxy because that's exactly how much it is"
2944,"If you are only taking half, think of it as taking 40 mg of instant release oxy. So if you normally take 30, this would be like taking 10 more. It's going to hit you slower though. What kind do you have? Like what markings are on the pill",I’ve read that splitting the actual pill causes the “extended release effect” to not happen and people can OD more off of it because it hits faster? True? Or myth?
2945,I’ve read that splitting the actual pill causes the “extended release effect” to not happen and people can OD more off of it because it hits faster? True? Or myth?,"40 mg of oxy is 40 mg of oxy. You don't magically make it more by cutting it up. If you have no tolerance then yeah, I guess making it instant release would be more dangerous. But everybody on here is trying to break that extended release mechanism lol. If you are normally taking instant release pills these are going to feel different. They're not gonna hit as hard or as fast"
2946,You don’t think it’s kinda dangerous to split em tho ?,No
2947,Can you split OxyContin 80?,"Splitting isn’t dangerous.  Dual polymer matrix woven into the shit so the time release is all up in the white shit inside too.  If you want to ER them, you need to chew or dissolve them.  If you cut one in half and then swallow, it will be ER still."
2948,"I was about to inject an OC-40, so wold 1ml of water be enough for the oxy to dissolve in the liquid?","the rigs ur probably using, should be anyway are likely 1ml

so all of the dissolved solids from the pill + 1ml of water won't fit in a rig"
2949,"I was about to inject an OC-40, so wold 1ml of water be enough for the oxy to dissolve in the liquid?","never shot a pill before but have shot heroin, fent, meth and coke. 1ml was always enough when shooting those other things, idk why oxy would be any different.

this sub has a ton of information on shooting safely so I'd suggest make sure you know what you're doing first. good luck and stay safe :)"
2950,"never shot a pill before but have shot heroin, fent, meth and coke. 1ml was always enough when shooting those other things, idk why oxy would be any different.

this sub has a ton of information on shooting safely so I'd suggest make sure you know what you're doing first. good luck and stay safe :)",I used a filter to filter out all the shit that I didn't want in my bloodstream
2951,I used a filter to filter out all the shit that I didn't want in my bloodstream,That's the correct method indeed
2952,"I was about to inject an OC-40, so wold 1ml of water be enough for the oxy to dissolve in the liquid?",Na get a 3ml needle next time
2953,Does Taking opiates after working out boost the effects?,"Are you asking if working out potentiates opiates or that opiates enhance a workout? Because they definitely help with workouts and getting a pump, I guess you could feel it more because you’re tired or sore post workout so maybe you’ll feel the pain relief more lol"
2954,Does Taking opiates after working out boost the effects?,"Without a shadow of a doubt. Best to have a small dose before your any cardio, flooded endorphin after Mu agonism is heaven."
2955,Does Taking opiates after working out boost the effects?,"just popped an oxy after working out, don't feel any added effects"
2956,"30 days in rehab + probation, or possibly jail+ probation?",[deleted]
2957,[deleted],"We talked about the difference between jail and rehab just 20 minutes ago in my group substance abuse therapy class. Rehab has free snacks, jail you have to pay for them lol

Jail doesnt give a fuck if youre detoxing, rehab does"
2958,"30 days in rehab + probation, or possibly jail+ probation?","when i was younger , i'd say FTW and give me jail...but now that i use my brain and dont let emotions control my life , i'd do anything to avoid being in jail"
2959,"when i was younger , i'd say FTW and give me jail...but now that i use my brain and dont let emotions control my life , i'd do anything to avoid being in jail","That’s the thing.. I’m not really sure the judge would sentence me to jail. I think he might just do probation. Its either I go to rehab and probably lose my job and be fucked with nowhere to live after i finish, or I run the risk of going to jail, still losing my job, and still being fucked, OR it works out, I just get probation, and I can still keep my job"
2960,"That’s the thing.. I’m not really sure the judge would sentence me to jail. I think he might just do probation. Its either I go to rehab and probably lose my job and be fucked with nowhere to live after i finish, or I run the risk of going to jail, still losing my job, and still being fucked, OR it works out, I just get probation, and I can still keep my job","id do anything to keep your job and stay out of jail ,obviously..but i wouldnt sweat it too hard.
You aren't really in control of it...just make yourself seem humble and serious to the judge and the state attorneys involved..
They all can suck it, but just play the game."
2961,"30 days in rehab + probation, or possibly jail+ probation?",Isn’t there some law that prevents employers from firing employees for going to rehab bc addiction is considered a disease like they have to give you medical leave?
2962,Isn’t there some law that prevents employers from firing employees for going to rehab bc addiction is considered a disease like they have to give you medical leave?,FMLA is what you’re referring to I think and that’s only if you’ve been there for a year which I have not
2963,"30 days in rehab + probation, or possibly jail+ probation?",I suppose the other part of all this is that you could be sentenced to JUST the rehab and no probation as long as you finished and all that Jazz. What charge are you getting sentenced for and is this your first charge ever?
2964,"30 days in rehab + probation, or possibly jail+ probation?","You probably would get probation but if you are just going to do more dope, what is the point?

We all always need our jobs but active addiction is a great way to lose one.

Plus, if you get probation they will pee test you anyway. So you are probably better off in rehab where that will not be such a hazard."
2965,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,probably something in the filler
2966,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,possible histamine reaction
2967,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,Try taking a few Benadryl next time you take it
2968,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,Facial swelling can be a sign of an allergic reaction. Does your tongue feel funky too?
2969,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,Opiates do have a reputation of causing fluid retention. Not sure about the eye funk though.
2970,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,Noo never. I took them all the time before. But everyone is different. I think it might be a allergies to oxy. I'd ask your doctor....
2971,Anyone else’s face and eyes swell up and feel puffy on Oxy?,"Are you snorting or taking it orally. It could be an allergic reaction like people are saying, you could try taking 25 mg or 50 mg of Benadryl before next time. If you're snorting it, it could be irritating your sinuses. Your sinuses are connected all throughout your head to your ears and eyes. If it's irritating your sinuses you may not necessarily feel it in your nose. It might be backing it up into your eyes as well. After and before you snort you could irrigate with saline (dont irrigate after until you've already begun to feel the effects).  Honestly even if you're not getting this from your sinuses this is a good idea to do anyway to avoid problems and infections"
2972,"Are you snorting or taking it orally. It could be an allergic reaction like people are saying, you could try taking 25 mg or 50 mg of Benadryl before next time. If you're snorting it, it could be irritating your sinuses. Your sinuses are connected all throughout your head to your ears and eyes. If it's irritating your sinuses you may not necessarily feel it in your nose. It might be backing it up into your eyes as well. After and before you snort you could irrigate with saline (dont irrigate after until you've already begun to feel the effects).  Honestly even if you're not getting this from your sinuses this is a good idea to do anyway to avoid problems and infections","Orally only. I’ll have to try the Benadryl as other people have suggested, I’m just concerned about the drowsiness"
2973,"Orally only. I’ll have to try the Benadryl as other people have suggested, I’m just concerned about the drowsiness","Is that the only brand that you have ever taken? I'm just curious if you might just be allergic to one of the fillers or binders in that particular pill. Not the oxy itself. At least I hope so lol, that would be terrible to be allergic to it"
2974,Using again after subs ?,"You should be fine. When I was taking 4mg strips daily I could use dope the same day and feel it, although it wasn't as strong. But after 30 hours you should be straight."
2975,"You should be fine. When I was taking 4mg strips daily I could use dope the same day and feel it, although it wasn't as strong. But after 30 hours you should be straight.","Dope dope thanks dude I just wanted to check and make sure. Good looks. Subs are pretty lit by the way, first time ever using em and I had zero WD symptoms. Starting to feel it again right about now though"
2976,"Dope dope thanks dude I just wanted to check and make sure. Good looks. Subs are pretty lit by the way, first time ever using em and I had zero WD symptoms. Starting to feel it again right about now though",Careful you can only bounce back and forth a few times until the suboxone for some reason works differently and you will have a few days of feeling shitty.   No one knows why this happens but I'm sure plenty can attest to this.
2977,Careful you can only bounce back and forth a few times until the suboxone for some reason works differently and you will have a few days of feeling shitty.   No one knows why this happens but I'm sure plenty can attest to this.,Geesh okay thanks for the heads up. It was a temporary fix as I didn’t want to feel sick. But ty for the heads up
2978,Geesh okay thanks for the heads up. It was a temporary fix as I didn’t want to feel sick. But ty for the heads up,Yeah done this - if you do it a few days in a row and still take a sub or something in the am the day without dope will suck. Typically the first day or two. Not dope sick unless it’s fent. Then I’m usually sick for a day.
2979,Using again after subs ?,nawl wait another 6-12 hrs and do a bump every other hour otherwise ur gonna waste that shit. my subs took me 56 hrs til i could do my dope and sadly i wasted a good 30 trying it out
2980,nawl wait another 6-12 hrs and do a bump every other hour otherwise ur gonna waste that shit. my subs took me 56 hrs til i could do my dope and sadly i wasted a good 30 trying it out,That’s fair I suppose I could always just try a bump and gauge from there ya know. I suppose everyone is different. If I don’t get the way I want to feel I would obviously just wait until the next day and not waste it
2981,That’s fair I suppose I could always just try a bump and gauge from there ya know. I suppose everyone is different. If I don’t get the way I want to feel I would obviously just wait until the next day and not waste it,"8 mg covers 98 percent of opiate receptors, so you covered half yesterday. Today, you'll have 25 percent covered when you shoot up. You should feel most of it."
2982,"8 mg covers 98 percent of opiate receptors, so you covered half yesterday. Today, you'll have 25 percent covered when you shoot up. You should feel most of it.","Lol yes I certainly feel it, and I certainly felt it a good amount last night but I saved it for today"
2983,"8 mg covers 98 percent of opiate receptors, so you covered half yesterday. Today, you'll have 25 percent covered when you shoot up. You should feel most of it.","I’m not doubting you, just curious where you got that figure?"
2984,Has anyone mixed ket with oxy?,[deleted]
2985,[deleted],Yeah I’d never do it with h just in case it’s cut with fent. And even with oxy I’d take a 40 and snort a couple lines of k. Mixing downers is always dangerous so you have to be careful
2986,Yeah I’d never do it with h just in case it’s cut with fent. And even with oxy I’d take a 40 and snort a couple lines of k. Mixing downers is always dangerous so you have to be careful,"Wasn't trying to lecture btw mate, just sharing my experience in case you didn't know. Enjoy."
2987,"Wasn't trying to lecture btw mate, just sharing my experience in case you didn't know. Enjoy.","Yeah ik mate, it’s a dangerous game because they’re both street drugs so you can never guess the potency. The one time you decide you try to mix your h with another downer could be the day your guy sprinkles some fentanyl on his batch and you get the bulk of it"
2988,Has anyone mixed ket with oxy?,Fun mix
2989,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,"When I take oxy, it always hits me in waves. I’ll think it wore off and then I’ll nod again. I take 2 60mg and then over the next hour I do a 3rd. I stay high for about 4-5 hours but don’t start to crave again until about 10-12 hours after dosing."
2990,"When I take oxy, it always hits me in waves. I’ll think it wore off and then I’ll nod again. I take 2 60mg and then over the next hour I do a 3rd. I stay high for about 4-5 hours but don’t start to crave again until about 10-12 hours after dosing.",This is how it works^^
2991,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,the pill is meant to be extended release for 12’Hours
2992,the pill is meant to be extended release for 12’Hours,In your experience did you feel high for the full 12 hours?
2993,In your experience did you feel high for the full 12 hours?,"If your tolerance is truly low, you're much better off splitting it into 2-4 pieces and taking those a few hours apart.

You're likely to get sick and puke if you pop a whole ER 80 with a really low tolerance.

And to answer your question, I'd say the high lasts around 3-6 hours, but again it depends on your tolerance a lot."
2994,In your experience did you feel high for the full 12 hours?,I don't know much about extended release other than the fact that it releases x amount per hour but in my opinion man if you are not opiate tolerant I most certainly would not be taking the entire 80. If someone with more knowledge than me could enlighten me I would greatly appreciate it but whether it's instant release or extended release if you haven't been doing this s*** for a while I think taking the whole 80 would be a bad idea. At the very least I would imagine that you will be throwing your guts up for 12 hours
2995,the pill is meant to be extended release for 12’Hours,6.6666677mg per hour
2996,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,The ERs never last the length they say. For me anyways. I’m lucky to get 3 hours out of them. Usually 2.5.
2997,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,"“Feeling high” is a sensation linked to your perception. It’s highly subjective, we can’t really tell you how long YOU will be high. 

But an OxyContin, taken whole as intended has a 12 hour window of affect. Subjectively, I always felt them wear off around the 8-10 hour mark."
2998,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,If your tolerance is low DO NOT take the whole pill. Figure out your tolerance and split the pill with a pill splitter accordingly.
2999,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,"I wouldn’t take much at all then take 10 mg more each hour, and Id say don’t go over 30/40 mg total. If u don’t have a tolerance I think you’ll feel it"
3000,How long does the high from an 80mg OxyContin last?,"Suppose to be 12 hrs but more like 7-9 for me, after that I start to withdraw"
3001,Help with drawing up — when you use a cotton as a filter; is it normal normal to draw up maybe 10-20 units less than you squirted onto your dope?,"Use small amount of cotton, smaller than a pea, I occasionally use cotton if needs be, and always wet it first as well, and when it’s in the solution, put your needle on the top and pull back until you see the cotton change colour from drying out"
3002,"Use small amount of cotton, smaller than a pea, I occasionally use cotton if needs be, and always wet it first as well, and when it’s in the solution, put your needle on the top and pull back until you see the cotton change colour from drying out","Ya if ur not getting the cotton wet first, ur gonna lose a lot of dope to it then."
3003,"Ya if ur not getting the cotton wet first, ur gonna lose a lot of dope to it then.",Oh shit you have to wet the cotton first?? I watched a few videos on safe injecting and read the guides and never saw that. But I just bought organic cotton balls and it seemed to help put immensely with my problem
3004,Oh shit you have to wet the cotton first?? I watched a few videos on safe injecting and read the guides and never saw that. But I just bought organic cotton balls and it seemed to help put immensely with my problem,Yup I had the same problem and made a thread about it on here. That is the advice they gave me.
3005,Help with drawing up — when you use a cotton as a filter; is it normal normal to draw up maybe 10-20 units less than you squirted onto your dope?,"Use a wheel filter bro, so much more reliable and there won’t be traces of cotton in your solution. Cotton can lead to vein scarring and increased risk of blood clots and vein pains. You can get wheel filters online for a few bucks.

Edit:typos"
3006,"Use a wheel filter bro, so much more reliable and there won’t be traces of cotton in your solution. Cotton can lead to vein scarring and increased risk of blood clots and vein pains. You can get wheel filters online for a few bucks.

Edit:typos","Thank you. I’m going to buy one. In the meantime— any idea what my problem is? I squirt maybe up to 50 units onto my dope, and mix it. Then when I try and draw up I can’t seem to draw up more than 10 units.. the rest stays in the spoon and in the cotton, even when I draw up slowly. Not sure what I’m doing wrong."
3007,"Thank you. I’m going to buy one. In the meantime— any idea what my problem is? I squirt maybe up to 50 units onto my dope, and mix it. Then when I try and draw up I can’t seem to draw up more than 10 units.. the rest stays in the spoon and in the cotton, even when I draw up slowly. Not sure what I’m doing wrong.","Try rotating the needle and moving it around. Works for me when I have issues, but generally there is always a bit less in my rig than what I started with."
3008,"Try rotating the needle and moving it around. Works for me when I have issues, but generally there is always a bit less in my rig than what I started with.",Thank you! Do you usually stick the needle through the cotton or just into the cotton? I don’t know why. At first I didn’t have problems but now I can’t seem to draw up more than 10 units before my rigs refuse to draw up the remaining dope water.
3009,Thank you! Do you usually stick the needle through the cotton or just into the cotton? I don’t know why. At first I didn’t have problems but now I can’t seem to draw up more than 10 units before my rigs refuse to draw up the remaining dope water.,"Def stick the needle into the cotton bro. The cotton is serving as your filter so you don't want to stick the point thru your filter. Maybe try a larger or better quality piece of cotton/filter. You won't draw as many units back up as you started with, but def shouldn't be losing 40 units. Trial and error my man."
3010,"Def stick the needle into the cotton bro. The cotton is serving as your filter so you don't want to stick the point thru your filter. Maybe try a larger or better quality piece of cotton/filter. You won't draw as many units back up as you started with, but def shouldn't be losing 40 units. Trial and error my man.","I felt like maybe I should try a smaller cotton instead? You’re saying larger? I had better luck with organic cotton balls and maybe I’ll go back until I get the proper filters recommended.

But I feel like I’m using cotton pieces too large because when they get wet with the solution they get super large and I can’t seem to draw anything up from them :("
3011,"I felt like maybe I should try a smaller cotton instead? You’re saying larger? I had better luck with organic cotton balls and maybe I’ll go back until I get the proper filters recommended.

But I feel like I’m using cotton pieces too large because when they get wet with the solution they get super large and I can’t seem to draw anything up from them :(","Yeah, the cotton you're using is way too big."
3012,"Yeah, the cotton you're using is way too big.","Thanks. When you’re done drawing up— should the cotton return to a more white color? Or stay somewhat tan / dark like the dope? Should it still be damp? 

Sorry for all the questions. Just trying to do this right."
3013,"Thanks. When you’re done drawing up— should the cotton return to a more white color? Or stay somewhat tan / dark like the dope? Should it still be damp? 

Sorry for all the questions. Just trying to do this right.",A little damp is okay but you don't want it to be really wet.
3014,"I felt like maybe I should try a smaller cotton instead? You’re saying larger? I had better luck with organic cotton balls and maybe I’ll go back until I get the proper filters recommended.

But I feel like I’m using cotton pieces too large because when they get wet with the solution they get super large and I can’t seem to draw anything up from them :(","Ideally you want your filter to absorb all your solution. Then draw everything from the filter back to your rig. In the meantime while you order quality filters try going back to the organic cottons or use a piece of a cig filter, a big enough piece of whatever to absorb as much as possible, then draw back up thru the filter. You won't necessarily get you entire shot drawn the first pull so just get the air out and keep drawing until you get it all. You can use your cap to squeeze out excess solution from the filter then pull that up thru the filter with needle in the filter. Hope that makes sense. You'll get it dude just keep trying and asking questions. ✌️"
3015,"Ideally you want your filter to absorb all your solution. Then draw everything from the filter back to your rig. In the meantime while you order quality filters try going back to the organic cottons or use a piece of a cig filter, a big enough piece of whatever to absorb as much as possible, then draw back up thru the filter. You won't necessarily get you entire shot drawn the first pull so just get the air out and keep drawing until you get it all. You can use your cap to squeeze out excess solution from the filter then pull that up thru the filter with needle in the filter. Hope that makes sense. You'll get it dude just keep trying and asking questions. ✌️","I just don’t understand why my cotton is soaking wet but when I stick the needle in I can’t draw anything up past 10 units. Any ideas? I thought that would mean I should use a smaller piece of cotton.

Edit: 
You mean the syringe cap?"
3016,"I just don’t understand why my cotton is soaking wet but when I stick the needle in I can’t draw anything up past 10 units. Any ideas? I thought that would mean I should use a smaller piece of cotton.

Edit: 
You mean the syringe cap?","Maybe you're rolling it too tight or too loose? When I pluck a cotton off a ball, swab, etc. I roll it between my fingers to make it into a ball shape. Or maybe little pieces are getting caught in the rig? Maybe try a different brand? Play around it with... and stick the needle just into the cotton, def not through it as someone else mentioned. When I'm done drawing up, cotton is mostly dry and mostly white, with patches of tan or brown."
3017,"Maybe you're rolling it too tight or too loose? When I pluck a cotton off a ball, swab, etc. I roll it between my fingers to make it into a ball shape. Or maybe little pieces are getting caught in the rig? Maybe try a different brand? Play around it with... and stick the needle just into the cotton, def not through it as someone else mentioned. When I'm done drawing up, cotton is mostly dry and mostly white, with patches of tan or brown.",I just bought organic cotton balls again and it fixed my issue :-) the q-tips weren’t working well. Thanks again!
3018,Help with drawing up — when you use a cotton as a filter; is it normal normal to draw up maybe 10-20 units less than you squirted onto your dope?,"I always put the cotton through my needle first, and then put it into the liquid to draw it up, but if you heat your shit up you may be dissolving some of the water.

Usually after I draw it up though, I gently squish the cotton with my fingers while pulling back the plunger and I can usually get a good amount extra by doing this, but be careful you don’t break ur needle by pinching the cotton"
3019,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,Literally any chemist. Just tell them you're gonna inject heroin and it's free.
3020,Literally any chemist. Just tell them you're gonna inject heroin and it's free.,"I'm sure there are exceptions but chemists here tend to be saints. I've been getting buprenorphine for a few years now at the same chemist. Should've been off it long ago but they never say a thing. Even back when I was doing really bad and had to go in every day, sometimes I'd come in looking like shit and probably not smelling that fresh, but they still said nothing to make me feel unwelcome or worse than I already did.

Gonna get them a thank you card when I finally get off the buprenorphine. Don't think that would be weird."
3021,"I'm sure there are exceptions but chemists here tend to be saints. I've been getting buprenorphine for a few years now at the same chemist. Should've been off it long ago but they never say a thing. Even back when I was doing really bad and had to go in every day, sometimes I'd come in looking like shit and probably not smelling that fresh, but they still said nothing to make me feel unwelcome or worse than I already did.

Gonna get them a thank you card when I finally get off the buprenorphine. Don't think that would be weird.",Personally I think that would be a bit weird but you know the situation better than me obviously lololol :p
3022,Literally any chemist. Just tell them you're gonna inject heroin and it's free.,"Will be going to a biggest city near me later unfortunately none off the pharmacies near me had any, boots said they don’t do it and where I get my sharps from said they can’t get it at the moment there is a shortage or something. 
Rang wilko and they said they had some but it’s ether for wine making or cleaning but guessing it’s all the same stuff?"
3023,"Will be going to a biggest city near me later unfortunately none off the pharmacies near me had any, boots said they don’t do it and where I get my sharps from said they can’t get it at the moment there is a shortage or something. 
Rang wilko and they said they had some but it’s ether for wine making or cleaning but guessing it’s all the same stuff?",The wine making stuff is legit. Comes in half kg bags though usually lol. Still cheap (under a £5).
3024,The wine making stuff is legit. Comes in half kg bags though usually lol. Still cheap (under a £5).,Yeah managed to get some yesterday afternoon in the end.
3025,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,What does this post mean? I’m new to this. What’s citric acid have to do with anything?
3026,What does this post mean? I’m new to this. What’s citric acid have to do with anything?,"In the UK, heroin comes in a non salt form, making it unshootable. So you get citric acid and cook the dope with it to make the salt, heroin citrate, which is shootable."
3027,"In the UK, heroin comes in a non salt form, making it unshootable. So you get citric acid and cook the dope with it to make the salt, heroin citrate, which is shootable.",Ahhhh ok thanks 🙏🏾
3028,What does this post mean? I’m new to this. What’s citric acid have to do with anything?,"Uk ""number 3"" (brown) heroin has to be heated up with citric acid (usually on a spoon) prior to injection. Alternatively it can also be smoked on foil without any preparation."
3029,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,"Around here (not UK, but Europe) you can get Vitamin C powder (50g packs) in grocery stores, drug stores or pharmacies. Citric acid in large packs can also be found in grocery stores (usually in the section with stuff to preserve fruits etc.; Vitamin C is rather in the food supplement aisle)."
3030,"Around here (not UK, but Europe) you can get Vitamin C powder (50g packs) in grocery stores, drug stores or pharmacies. Citric acid in large packs can also be found in grocery stores (usually in the section with stuff to preserve fruits etc.; Vitamin C is rather in the food supplement aisle).",Thanks managed to get some citrus for wine making in the end.
3031,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,Exchange supplies
3032,Exchange supplies,Where I get my sharps couldn’t get any.
3033,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,Lloyd’s pharmacies tend to be good with citric acid and needle exchanges e.c.t
3034,Lloyd’s pharmacies tend to be good with citric acid and needle exchanges e.c.t,Think it was a Lloyed’s I got my needles from but they said  they can’t get citric at the moment.
3035,Uk users where do you buy your citrus from?,could u crush up a point of uk dope with the right equivalent of vitamin c or citric acid to make it snortabke or is the water way tge only method
3036,could u crush up a point of uk dope with the right equivalent of vitamin c or citric acid to make it snortabke or is the water way tge only method,Wouldn’t have the problem if I had citric would just cook it up and shoot it.
3037,Wouldn’t have the problem if I had citric would just cook it up and shoot it.,i dont iv mate but youve probably tried using roll up filters im assuming ?
3038,i dont iv mate but youve probably tried using roll up filters im assuming ?,Yeah To use to filter the water
3039,Dick move?,"I'm trying to understand your question. So you get subs by prescription? And you had a doctor call in Codeine, and now...what?  Are you worried that the fact that you picked up Codeine is gonna mess with your sub prescription or are you just saying that the Codeine isn't really gonna do anything for you?"
3040,"I'm trying to understand your question. So you get subs by prescription? And you had a doctor call in Codeine, and now...what?  Are you worried that the fact that you picked up Codeine is gonna mess with your sub prescription or are you just saying that the Codeine isn't really gonna do anything for you?","Sorry dude, kinda just blurted that all out...

I had to buy my Subutex off the street. Was it a dick move getting the codine. I've just struggled for months getting away from it, and now I have it back in my hands, more or less... Haven't stopped thinking about that shit 🙄

Just edited the main post with the most relevant information I forgot to add!"
3041,"Sorry dude, kinda just blurted that all out...

I had to buy my Subutex off the street. Was it a dick move getting the codine. I've just struggled for months getting away from it, and now I have it back in my hands, more or less... Haven't stopped thinking about that shit 🙄

Just edited the main post with the most relevant information I forgot to add!","I see what you're saying. Only you can really make that decision. But you know as well as I do that Codeine aint shit.  Especially with a tolerance like yours. No, I don't think it's worth it. But if you decide to do it make sure you do a cold water extraction lol"
3042,"I see what you're saying. Only you can really make that decision. But you know as well as I do that Codeine aint shit.  Especially with a tolerance like yours. No, I don't think it's worth it. But if you decide to do it make sure you do a cold water extraction lol","Yeah, they are bullshit. But the fact that I could go get some other shit to help with the pain is in my head now... Fucking stupid! lol. And cold water extraction?"
3043,"Yeah, they are bullshit. But the fact that I could go get some other shit to help with the pain is in my head now... Fucking stupid! lol. And cold water extraction?","You're gonna need a pretty hefty dose, so that would remove the Tylenol and save your liver a some torture. For exact instructions I would just search the main sub, my shit doesn't have Tylenol in it so I never have to do it."
3044,"You're gonna need a pretty hefty dose, so that would remove the Tylenol and save your liver a some torture. For exact instructions I would just search the main sub, my shit doesn't have Tylenol in it so I never have to do it.","Oh right! And it baffles me that you call it Tylenol over there, ahaha. It's Paracetamol over here in the UK."
3045,"Oh right! And it baffles me that you call it Tylenol over there, ahaha. It's Paracetamol over here in the UK.","It’s weird how some brand names have caught on as a generic term. For example, in the US we call it an ATM (automated teller machine) but a lot of people in the UK call them “cashpoints” because the original ATM style machine by Lloyd’s of London was branded as such. I personally like “cashpoint” better than ATM because ATM, at least the acronym, sounds so drab and uninformative. Money robot might be a good one too."
3046,"It’s weird how some brand names have caught on as a generic term. For example, in the US we call it an ATM (automated teller machine) but a lot of people in the UK call them “cashpoints” because the original ATM style machine by Lloyd’s of London was branded as such. I personally like “cashpoint” better than ATM because ATM, at least the acronym, sounds so drab and uninformative. Money robot might be a good one too.","Ah, some people call them ATMs, but I don't like thos people 😂 I've also always called it a cash machine aha"
3047,Dick move?,"They’ll pop positive for just those metabolites so depending what your drug of choice is and the drug test, you won’t be able to hide your actual usage behind it."
3048,"They’ll pop positive for just those metabolites so depending what your drug of choice is and the drug test, you won’t be able to hide your actual usage behind it.","It's just home test kits for opiates. So they'll throw a positive the same as H, right?

A 10 panel test kit."
3049,"It's just home test kits for opiates. So they'll throw a positive the same as H, right?

A 10 panel test kit.","When do you get tested? If you know the date, just give yourself four clean days beforehand. Don't feel guilty, not a dick move. The hyperalgesia one gets from opiates is the devil. No one who hasn't been through it will understand, but those of us on here will. Codeine isn't very strong, but it's better than nothing."
3050,"When do you get tested? If you know the date, just give yourself four clean days beforehand. Don't feel guilty, not a dick move. The hyperalgesia one gets from opiates is the devil. No one who hasn't been through it will understand, but those of us on here will. Codeine isn't very strong, but it's better than nothing.","It's random, lol. But the codine will throw a positive so, I'm going to use that as an excuse for one last blip on H... lol. It would be rude not too!

The only reason I keep thinking about that shit is when I'm trying to get away from it all, I get RLS, but in my left arm. The Amitrptyline they gave me yesterday made me sleep through that! So, one last go at it, then out!

Because... Fuck! I know I want out more than anything. But like you said... It does keep-a calling, aha! It's been calling me for the last 20 years, off and on... Can't keep doing th WDs, it's horrible."
3051,"It's random, lol. But the codine will throw a positive so, I'm going to use that as an excuse for one last blip on H... lol. It would be rude not too!

The only reason I keep thinking about that shit is when I'm trying to get away from it all, I get RLS, but in my left arm. The Amitrptyline they gave me yesterday made me sleep through that! So, one last go at it, then out!

Because... Fuck! I know I want out more than anything. But like you said... It does keep-a calling, aha! It's been calling me for the last 20 years, off and on... Can't keep doing th WDs, it's horrible.","Quit then, I detoxed and have been going to substance abuse classes, my life has been improving so much since then, and NO WITHDRAWALS!! :) Just make the jump"
3052,"Quit then, I detoxed and have been going to substance abuse classes, my life has been improving so much since then, and NO WITHDRAWALS!! :) Just make the jump","Yeah, man. I'm going right back at it after tomorrow. I took some of the codines today which didn't help my back at all, so the gear is actually helping me, I have one bag left for tomorrow, then I'm out! Just enjoying the respite at the moment from all the pain. But I'm done with that lifestyle, I just can't do it anymore, it's not living...

And well done, bruh! Stay strong and never look back at this shit!"
3053,"Yeah, man. I'm going right back at it after tomorrow. I took some of the codines today which didn't help my back at all, so the gear is actually helping me, I have one bag left for tomorrow, then I'm out! Just enjoying the respite at the moment from all the pain. But I'm done with that lifestyle, I just can't do it anymore, it's not living...

And well done, bruh! Stay strong and never look back at this shit!","Good man, I really hope you can make it through it, you seem sincere. Are you a pain patient? I guess thats why it was easy for me to finally quit, after 11 years, because I dont live with any chronic illnesses like that. I dated a girl with fibromyalgia. She and I got really bad into pills then dope. She got clean right after we split up, I cant imagine how shes dealing with the pain now. I can tell you that I have never had pain in my body and when I was in active addiction when I was in with drawers it would actually cause me to have very severe lower back pain and funnily enough as soon as I got to wait for good I haven't had any pain issues since Sotomayor opiates definitely make pain worse in the long term. 

I really hope you're able to push through and beat this demon that we all carry if that is what you want. Think of all the money you will save and the relationships you can rebuild and think of the future you have without drugs, that's honestly been my biggest motivation that and the fact and my ex-girlfriend is talking to me again. I'm so in love with this woman she is half of the reason that I'm clean right now and she finally after 3 months of no contact let me back into her life and I'm super happy to say that I'm about to call and her bed and cuddle her while we fall asleep :)

Shoot me a private message if you ever want to chat or someone to listen. Im all ears and available anytime :)"
3054,"Good man, I really hope you can make it through it, you seem sincere. Are you a pain patient? I guess thats why it was easy for me to finally quit, after 11 years, because I dont live with any chronic illnesses like that. I dated a girl with fibromyalgia. She and I got really bad into pills then dope. She got clean right after we split up, I cant imagine how shes dealing with the pain now. I can tell you that I have never had pain in my body and when I was in active addiction when I was in with drawers it would actually cause me to have very severe lower back pain and funnily enough as soon as I got to wait for good I haven't had any pain issues since Sotomayor opiates definitely make pain worse in the long term. 

I really hope you're able to push through and beat this demon that we all carry if that is what you want. Think of all the money you will save and the relationships you can rebuild and think of the future you have without drugs, that's honestly been my biggest motivation that and the fact and my ex-girlfriend is talking to me again. I'm so in love with this woman she is half of the reason that I'm clean right now and she finally after 3 months of no contact let me back into her life and I'm super happy to say that I'm about to call and her bed and cuddle her while we fall asleep :)

Shoot me a private message if you ever want to chat or someone to listen. Im all ears and available anytime :)","I am more than sincere! I'm too old and have done this shit way too many times to count now. It comes a point when you just can't keep putting yourself through the same shit, over and over, you know!? And unfortunately, I'm not a pain patient, no. I got in to this when I was younger through seeing my brother doing it. I started my detox Saturday and my back 'popped', for want of a better word, on Tuesday. Maybe it went before and the gear was masking it, I don't know. And it sounds like you could have had the same happen to you, aha. I've been the same, always illness free when using. No aches, pains, flu etc!

And I have that very same motivation! People on here say not to detox for others, instead do it for yourself. Whereas, I'm doing it for my Mrs that I did it for the last time, also! For me, that's a good enough reason! I nearly lost her to this shit, this time. And I can't lose her... She is everything to me and so much more worth than this devil! Also, now she knows everything, she's really supportive and got me through it with ease the last time. We sat down and talked about shit too, which led us both to buy home drug test kits, to make sure I don't slip up. But as with the original post, the tablets from the Dr's will throw a negative, which is why this last blip is happening. And in my defense, this gear is helping my back right now, so I can do shit until, hopefully, the scan letter comes from the hospital. I'm glad you found another reason to quit, other than yourself! When I see these posts about just doing it for yourself, I always think it's more healthy to have other reasons too! Because they become the gaols that some people can't think about while they're detoxing! And I really hope you get back with her, dude! Stay clean and prove to her everything, that's exactly the chance I've been given and I'm not fucking that up!

And thanks, dude. I appreciate that! (:"
3055,"I am more than sincere! I'm too old and have done this shit way too many times to count now. It comes a point when you just can't keep putting yourself through the same shit, over and over, you know!? And unfortunately, I'm not a pain patient, no. I got in to this when I was younger through seeing my brother doing it. I started my detox Saturday and my back 'popped', for want of a better word, on Tuesday. Maybe it went before and the gear was masking it, I don't know. And it sounds like you could have had the same happen to you, aha. I've been the same, always illness free when using. No aches, pains, flu etc!

And I have that very same motivation! People on here say not to detox for others, instead do it for yourself. Whereas, I'm doing it for my Mrs that I did it for the last time, also! For me, that's a good enough reason! I nearly lost her to this shit, this time. And I can't lose her... She is everything to me and so much more worth than this devil! Also, now she knows everything, she's really supportive and got me through it with ease the last time. We sat down and talked about shit too, which led us both to buy home drug test kits, to make sure I don't slip up. But as with the original post, the tablets from the Dr's will throw a negative, which is why this last blip is happening. And in my defense, this gear is helping my back right now, so I can do shit until, hopefully, the scan letter comes from the hospital. I'm glad you found another reason to quit, other than yourself! When I see these posts about just doing it for yourself, I always think it's more healthy to have other reasons too! Because they become the gaols that some people can't think about while they're detoxing! And I really hope you get back with her, dude! Stay clean and prove to her everything, that's exactly the chance I've been given and I'm not fucking that up!

And thanks, dude. I appreciate that! (:","Great reasoning to quit :) make your Mrs. Proud, I just woke up next to mine, I've missed her so much over the last 3 months. Her absense taught me so much about myself, and I absolutely am not willing to throw that away ever again. This is my third and absolute final chance with her. She is super supportive in my recovery, the only way she will leave me is if I start using again, other than that I'm a lovely person (I think, and hopefully she does too ) :) life is good

Also, this may not be much to anyone else, but yesterday at my therapy I peed dirty for only suboxone, no THC!!! I'm super happy about it, and she is shocked I havent been smoking pot, which shes ok with thankfully, but it is a crutch of mine. Quitting cigarettes will be next :) I used to drink anything but water, now I drink nothing but water. In this moment, as I'm replying, I feel so great. Fir the first time in 15 years Im 100% and motivated :) she is the only person I've met who makes me want to be a better person, not forces me to be a better person, and I think thats a very admirable trait in a person, because theirs a strong difference between the 2"
3056,"Great reasoning to quit :) make your Mrs. Proud, I just woke up next to mine, I've missed her so much over the last 3 months. Her absense taught me so much about myself, and I absolutely am not willing to throw that away ever again. This is my third and absolute final chance with her. She is super supportive in my recovery, the only way she will leave me is if I start using again, other than that I'm a lovely person (I think, and hopefully she does too ) :) life is good

Also, this may not be much to anyone else, but yesterday at my therapy I peed dirty for only suboxone, no THC!!! I'm super happy about it, and she is shocked I havent been smoking pot, which shes ok with thankfully, but it is a crutch of mine. Quitting cigarettes will be next :) I used to drink anything but water, now I drink nothing but water. In this moment, as I'm replying, I feel so great. Fir the first time in 15 years Im 100% and motivated :) she is the only person I've met who makes me want to be a better person, not forces me to be a better person, and I think thats a very admirable trait in a person, because theirs a strong difference between the 2","Most definitely! And nice! Keep it that way and keep her! I hope it works out well for you! And damn, we're in the same boat, all except this is my 2nd time going through it with my Mrs. And there's no way I'm throwing it away either. There is not one thing that will stop me from showing her that she means more than a devil drug, or anything else for that matter. And that's the thing with this drug too! Most of the people that use are actually nice people, hearts of gold! I like to think I'm one of them. And the same as you, I like to think that my Mrs can see that in me. And to be fair, mine and yours must see it!! They wouldn't have stuck around else... 

Are your drug tests random, or? I used to smoke a LOT of weed, but haven't smoke it for nearly a decade! I tried to smoke it a few months ago, and fuck...!! Weed has been engineered to be so much more potent than I ever remember... I ended up in the hospital, tripping balls and not breathing properly... needless to say, I won't be touching that again, ahaha! I shouldn't even be smoking gear, as 2 years ago, just before Christmas, I run the lighter too close to the foil and blew half of my lung due to the heat! Apparently, lungs are like pockets of grapes, my left lung now is half grape and half tennis ball. Been told not to go scuba diving as the pressure could pop the tennis ball area and cause my lung to rupture/collapse... I also need to stop the cigarettes too. Been smoking for 22 years now, with a 2 month gap back in 2010 after a mini-stroke I had 🙄

And I love that feeling!! The feeling of being clean which comes with that feeling of actually being awake for the first time in... Fuck knows how long!! Its like you've been emotionally disconnected through all the using. You don't notice at the time, as when you're using, you're just numb to everything and think that's 'normal'... But finally waking up! Fuck, I love that feeling!! Its so much better than the high from H, a thousand times better! Awake, a clear head and the energy to even feel just a little motivated... I want that soooooo bad! That and the thought of my Mrs wanting to stay with me... Nothing could ever ruin that, which is why I know I'm going to be free of this shit very, VERY soon.

And I know that feeling only too well!! My Mrs is the same, she won't try to mould me in to the person she wants to be with, she takes me for me and loves me all the same. Which in turn, just makes me want to be a better person for her, to be the person she deserves! Because all the lies and shit that I've fed her these last few months... She deserves sooo much more than that and so much more. I don't think I'll ever be able to say ""that's enough, I've repaid her to what she deserves"", because she'll always be worth more than anyone could give! And you're right! Theres a very big difference! 

Also, I know my Mrs. Loves me, even through all the shit I've put her through. Our first date... I met her on PlentyOfFish(don't know if you have that over there, it's a dating site). We talked on the phone and Skype for a few months. I finally took the dive and drove for an hour and a half to meet her. Our first date consisted of us just chatting shit in her living room, getting a dominoes pizza, 2 beers each... Then we fell asleep on her sofa while having a cuddle and still chatting shit! ahaha!! 😂 in my eyes, it's the best date I've ever been on or heard of, lol. And that date was nearly 5 years ago now!

Sorry for the long-ass post, aha!"
3057,Xyrem (GHB) and Opiates?,Don't think they interact should be swell to take
3058,Xyrem (GHB) and Opiates?,"Google hydrocodone and Xyrem drug interactions, I think they might interact so check it to be safe"
3059,Drinking on the sublocade shot?,"i reckon the effect would be very similar to drinking after taking sublingual bupe

probably worth keeping in mind that the effects of either drug (bupe and alcohol) could be elevated when combined

also keep in mind that the manufacturers warn against drinking when on bupe"
3060,"i reckon the effect would be very similar to drinking after taking sublingual bupe

probably worth keeping in mind that the effects of either drug (bupe and alcohol) could be elevated when combined

also keep in mind that the manufacturers warn against drinking when on bupe",thanks I'll definitely start slow as possible
3061,Drinking on the sublocade shot?,"I drink a lot and I’m on subs and I notice no difference personally. I’ve been stable on them for ages though.

Just take it slow and see if you get drowsier than normal?  Personally I find bupe to be stimulating and even at ceiling doses with my now low tolerance (tapered to 0.5mg) I don’t have any noticeable signs of CNS depression. My vitals are all very normal when I’ve gone to the doctor on these high doses. Everyone is different but I wouldn’t be that concerned."
3062,"I drink a lot and I’m on subs and I notice no difference personally. I’ve been stable on them for ages though.

Just take it slow and see if you get drowsier than normal?  Personally I find bupe to be stimulating and even at ceiling doses with my now low tolerance (tapered to 0.5mg) I don’t have any noticeable signs of CNS depression. My vitals are all very normal when I’ve gone to the doctor on these high doses. Everyone is different but I wouldn’t be that concerned.","I appreciate the reply, I never drink. I assume its the same like xanax with suboxone I was just curious because of how high the sub dose is"
3063,Drinking on the sublocade shot?,The only time I’ve EVER enjoyed drinking was the one time I did it on subutex
3064,The only time I’ve EVER enjoyed drinking was the one time I did it on subutex,nice
3065,nice,nice
3066,Tramadol - allergy or just no tolerance?,"it sounds like it could be an allergy

IF you can keep sane with ibuprofen i reckon this is the best bet, but if you REALLY do need something stronger, perhaps try taking a small fraction of your regular dose, and if it still gives you grief, it supports the 'allergy' hypothesis"
3067,"it sounds like it could be an allergy

IF you can keep sane with ibuprofen i reckon this is the best bet, but if you REALLY do need something stronger, perhaps try taking a small fraction of your regular dose, and if it still gives you grief, it supports the 'allergy' hypothesis",^^this!
3068,"it sounds like it could be an allergy

IF you can keep sane with ibuprofen i reckon this is the best bet, but if you REALLY do need something stronger, perhaps try taking a small fraction of your regular dose, and if it still gives you grief, it supports the 'allergy' hypothesis","That's a good idea, thank you!"
3069,Tramadol - allergy or just no tolerance?, Maybe this is an allergy but it can also be if you swallow the pill on an empty stomach it can have these negative effects
3070, Maybe this is an allergy but it can also be if you swallow the pill on an empty stomach it can have these negative effects,I was taking it with food. I actually had a harder time keeping it down when I had eaten a full meal versus just a snack
3071,Tramadol - allergy or just no tolerance?,Hard to say because teamadol is an awful drug known for its side effects. Tramadol always does that to me even though I tolerate other opiates well.
3072,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,Shit I've got a hundred that I can't even give away. Everyone wants dope.
3073,Shit I've got a hundred that I can't even give away. Everyone wants dope.,"I would've preferred the dope back in 2016, but now that everything is fentanyl I'd rather have hydros/oxy again."
3074,"I would've preferred the dope back in 2016, but now that everything is fentanyl I'd rather have hydros/oxy again.","You must have a weak tolerance if you can safely get high off of hydrocodone lmfao. Even with a CWE I’d blow my liver away just trying to get well.

Also you can get decent dope easily.  Learn to internet and/or find new plugs and use a test strip if you’re that paranoid.

I doubt you IV if you want garbage ass hydrocodone so why worry about fent?  Pick up smoking as your ROA if you can get tar."
3075,"You must have a weak tolerance if you can safely get high off of hydrocodone lmfao. Even with a CWE I’d blow my liver away just trying to get well.

Also you can get decent dope easily.  Learn to internet and/or find new plugs and use a test strip if you’re that paranoid.

I doubt you IV if you want garbage ass hydrocodone so why worry about fent?  Pick up smoking as your ROA if you can get tar.","Yeah what a loser! You have no tolerance!?!? Fuck you!
Only us cool kids can shoot a gram!

You sound like an idiot..."
3076,"You must have a weak tolerance if you can safely get high off of hydrocodone lmfao. Even with a CWE I’d blow my liver away just trying to get well.

Also you can get decent dope easily.  Learn to internet and/or find new plugs and use a test strip if you’re that paranoid.

I doubt you IV if you want garbage ass hydrocodone so why worry about fent?  Pick up smoking as your ROA if you can get tar.","No need to gatekeep being an addict, junior."
3077,"You must have a weak tolerance if you can safely get high off of hydrocodone lmfao. Even with a CWE I’d blow my liver away just trying to get well.

Also you can get decent dope easily.  Learn to internet and/or find new plugs and use a test strip if you’re that paranoid.

I doubt you IV if you want garbage ass hydrocodone so why worry about fent?  Pick up smoking as your ROA if you can get tar.","tar? you must have a weak ass tolerance if you use tar lmao. bro my tolerance is so high i just shot 4 grams of str8 fEnt and i don’t even feel it. and i snorted an entire bird. ye a bird. the shit that flies. ha, tar. ha."
3078,"You must have a weak tolerance if you can safely get high off of hydrocodone lmfao. Even with a CWE I’d blow my liver away just trying to get well.

Also you can get decent dope easily.  Learn to internet and/or find new plugs and use a test strip if you’re that paranoid.

I doubt you IV if you want garbage ass hydrocodone so why worry about fent?  Pick up smoking as your ROA if you can get tar.","I don't think you read all the replies I left on here. Yes I understand how much stronger other opioids are, but I haven't done any in a little over a year, so yes I have a low tolerance. And I've been out of the game for a while so all I know about the local scene is hearing from people who are how much fent has taken over. And last time I checked the DNM was all scamming but if you know of any that aren't feel free to DM me."
3079,Shit I've got a hundred that I can't even give away. Everyone wants dope.,I'll take them!
3080,I'll take them!,So would I!!
3081,Shit I've got a hundred that I can't even give away. Everyone wants dope.,The jealousy burns.
3082,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,I wanna know where it’s all going. I’m tryna make friends w old ppl fr.
3083,I wanna know where it’s all going. I’m tryna make friends w old ppl fr.,Dental work and broken bones.
3084,Dental work and broken bones.,"trauma injuries in general, extremely common"
3085,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,"It’s probably hydrocodone with acetaminophen. That stuff is prescribed in small amounts all the time. You see people on here talking about going to the hospital with an injury and bitching about not getting any narcotics, but I work at a hospital and small single prescriptions of hydrocodone are prescribed with high frequency for ER discharges. Hell, I go to the dentist for a root canal and they offer me twelve of them if I’m hurting afterwards, I usually decline them though because I’m off opiates now. There has definitely been a push to keep teens and young adults from any opiates because that’s your primary age where people get turned on to opiates and eventually addicted, it is less likely for people to become addicted as they age. In addition, it’s also more likely for people to age out of addiction if they survive that long. It’s not a rule or anything though."
3086,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,What list?
3087,What list?,do a google search of most prescribed drugs (at least in america)
3088,do a google search of most prescribed drugs (at least in america),"The best selling drug (which would mean prescribed) is Humira. Vicodin is not in the top 16 and I don't know where it is on the list.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_selling_pharmaceutical_products"
3089,"The best selling drug (which would mean prescribed) is Humira. Vicodin is not in the top 16 and I don't know where it is on the list.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_selling_pharmaceutical_products","Generic hydro/apap is way down on the list of 100, but it's there. But that list is for most money made by a drug, which is why the top of the list is dominated by drugs that don't have generics yet. I wouldn't be surprised if the various doses of hydro/apap have the highest number of scripts written."
3090,"The best selling drug (which would mean prescribed) is Humira. Vicodin is not in the top 16 and I don't know where it is on the list.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_selling_pharmaceutical_products",That’s the top dollar amounts made by a drug. Not the most prescribed. Hydrocodone and alprazolam are the most prescribed drugs.
3091,That’s the top dollar amounts made by a drug. Not the most prescribed. Hydrocodone and alprazolam are the most prescribed drugs.,Do you have a link?
3092,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,I woulda thought like some antidepressant like Prozac would be #1. Ewh ryte? Let’s just say I’m glad it’s Hydros according to you
3093,I woulda thought like some antidepressant like Prozac would be #1. Ewh ryte? Let’s just say I’m glad it’s Hydros according to you,just do a google search of most prescribed drugs (at least in america)
3094,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,"I’m on them - prescribed for crps pain. It works well for me at the 7.5, 3/day for chronic pain. It does not get me high."
3095,"I’m on them - prescribed for crps pain. It works well for me at the 7.5, 3/day for chronic pain. It does not get me high.","I’m trying to switch to them from oxy now as they help my pain better with less brain fog. My pain is related to MS and for some reason a 10mg Vicodin works way better than 15 oxy. I feel like anything I can do to keep my tolerance down will benefit me in the future. Another weird one is Tylenol #3. Those are the only thing that helps with my headaches. Everyone I talk to at my doctors office thinks I’m screwed together inside out or something lol. I may have the only doctor ever that has advised me against switching to Vicodin from a higher dose of oxy. I wonder why that is, you are the first I’ve seen on it long term lately so it is apparently done."
3096,How the hell is hydrocodone the most prescribed drug in America?,Shit is mad boring
3097,Shit is mad boring,"It's pretty boring after you've shot heroin, yeah. But can you really deny the first opioid high of a noob on hydrocodone is fucking beautiful?"
3098,"It's pretty boring after you've shot heroin, yeah. But can you really deny the first opioid high of a noob on hydrocodone is fucking beautiful?",[deleted]
3099,[deleted],"Haha, I prefered dilaudid to them all, but since that's harder to find if you aren't near someone with something seriously wrong with them, hydro/oxy was a sufficient replacement. Preferred oxy though, since you can obviously snort/shoot it without losing some to a CWE"
3100,"Haha, I prefered dilaudid to them all, but since that's harder to find if you aren't near someone with something seriously wrong with them, hydro/oxy was a sufficient replacement. Preferred oxy though, since you can obviously snort/shoot it without losing some to a CWE",[deleted]
3101,[deleted],"Everyone here is acting like oxycodone is soooo much stronger than hydrocodone, when in reality it’s only 25% stronger. 7.5mg hydrocodone is equal to 5 of oxycodone, so I’m not sure exactly you would go from “throwing them away” to being “hooked at the first hour” from not really too much of a difference."
3102,Does anyone else worry about this?,"I had to deal with a hurricane that didn’t make landfall this year, and as a veteran of several hurricanes, I can tell you that my region comes to a standstill. You literally have to stock up on dope like you stock up on water and gas, bc no one is going anywhere during a hurricane. It’s at least two days where you’ll be SOL. This year I was clean for the storm, and while it didn’t hit, it felt amazing not having to worry about being dopesick and not being able to cop."
3103,Does anyone else worry about this?,"Trust me, rain or shine, doomsday or not, if you have a solid d-boy, it will be business as usual. 

I've been around for a while on these subs, and during all the hurricanes and natural disasters, users were reporting about how they were still picking up even in the middle of a hurricane. 

Its good to always have a plan though. Plans lead to rational thought and staying rational during a disaster will keep you alive."
3104,Does anyone else worry about this?,"And this, kids, is why you stack your methadone take-homes if you're on methadone.  It's also why you always have a few days worth of methadone on hand if you use opiates."
3105,"And this, kids, is why you stack your methadone take-homes if you're on methadone.  It's also why you always have a few days worth of methadone on hand if you use opiates.","This is good advice. When I was physically dependent on oxymorphone, I kept 10x 10mg methadone just in case."
3106,"This is good advice. When I was physically dependent on oxymorphone, I kept 10x 10mg methadone just in case.",Thank you -- and darn smart of you!! I am surprised at how many people don't take that simple precaution.
3107,"And this, kids, is why you stack your methadone take-homes if you're on methadone.  It's also why you always have a few days worth of methadone on hand if you use opiates.","This 100%. I put a few pills from my script away each month in case of an emergency.  I have a 3 month supply from doing this over the years.  In the event of society's collapse, the pharmacy would be my first mission of looting."
3108,"This 100%. I put a few pills from my script away each month in case of an emergency.  I have a 3 month supply from doing this over the years.  In the event of society's collapse, the pharmacy would be my first mission of looting.","I am really impressed with your restraint and responsibility. Good for you!

Unfortunately,  I think there would be a lot of us at the pharmacy. 😂🤣"
3109,"I am really impressed with your restraint and responsibility. Good for you!

Unfortunately,  I think there would be a lot of us at the pharmacy. 😂🤣","Lol yes - I’m literally running to a spot that has two pharma on each corner taking MAT meds and all the opiates and benzo i can take lol.  cross my fingers for this to happen.

I remember my buddy living down in NO when Katrina hit and he got some cool shit. Was super jelly."
3110,Does anyone else worry about this?,Oh damn fam start tapering now then you never know when it’s gonna hit
3111,Does anyone else worry about this?,Go watch season 1 of Fear The Walking Dead. might interest you.
3112,Go watch season 1 of Fear The Walking Dead. might interest you.,Ha! But it was a pretty cool detox laying under beds with morphine drip etc. While watching that show or similar end of world type shit I just keep thinking of being able to hit all the pharmacies hospitals etc if I was in that situation for a while but could come back to normal all stocked up in a pick up or prime mover maybe?? Lol
3113,Does anyone else worry about this?,"Earthquakes scare the shit outta me. I’m an earthquake baby, and was born hella close to the bridge collapse in 89. Can’t imagine how hard it would be sourcing dope in the following weeks. I don’t use anymore, but I think I’d rather die in the earthquake and give my life poetic timing (born in an earthquake, die in an earthquake) than be sick in a crumbling city."
3114,Does anyone else worry about this?,"There was a really cool article about this during Katrina:  https://www.thefix.com/content/hurricane-katrina-heroin-addict90259?page=all

They raided a pharmacy and just chilled and waited for the whole thing to blow over.

Also, a study done on the same thing: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3155421/"
3115,"There was a really cool article about this during Katrina:  https://www.thefix.com/content/hurricane-katrina-heroin-addict90259?page=all

They raided a pharmacy and just chilled and waited for the whole thing to blow over.

Also, a study done on the same thing: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3155421/","That study was a really good read. Wow, thanks."
3116,"There was a really cool article about this during Katrina:  https://www.thefix.com/content/hurricane-katrina-heroin-addict90259?page=all

They raided a pharmacy and just chilled and waited for the whole thing to blow over.

Also, a study done on the same thing: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3155421/","I was gonna post this ..

If you can believe this i'm good friends with the girl that wrote the book

I was here durjng katrina but wasnt bad addicted yet, thank god"
3117,Does anyone else worry about this?,"Lol if some shit like that happens first thing I’m doing is going to the mom & pop pharm w/ a crowbar, sledgehammer, etc."
3118,Does anyone else worry about this?,Literally all the time i thought i was the only one .. I live in a bag city & i can only imagine what I'd be like ughh
3119,Does anyone else worry about this?,"You would raid a pharmacy or hospital? You are a real piece of shit. Hopefully the earthquake fucking kills you.

Edit: so many thumbs down I didnt know stealing was so acceptable in this community. More and more reasons why I enjoy my sobriety. I can actually think clear and not try to rationalize bad actions."
3120,"You would raid a pharmacy or hospital? You are a real piece of shit. Hopefully the earthquake fucking kills you.

Edit: so many thumbs down I didnt know stealing was so acceptable in this community. More and more reasons why I enjoy my sobriety. I can actually think clear and not try to rationalize bad actions.",Are you lost?
3121,Are you lost?,It's so sad to see so many feens that would steal just to get their fix. You gotta realize you should stop doing dope if you have to cause others misfortune to get high. Y'all are scum and we dont need fuckers like you reproducing.
3122,It's so sad to see so many feens that would steal just to get their fix. You gotta realize you should stop doing dope if you have to cause others misfortune to get high. Y'all are scum and we dont need fuckers like you reproducing.,And we fuckers don't need people like *you* putting us down further than we already do ourselves.
3123,And we fuckers don't need people like *you* putting us down further than we already do ourselves.,Man if you putting yourself down you have something wrong. This world ain't a fucking playground. Grow up and take responsibility for your shitty actions and life choices.
3124,Man if you putting yourself down you have something wrong. This world ain't a fucking playground. Grow up and take responsibility for your shitty actions and life choices.,"In the fictional scenario that OP created, people would be raiding grocery stores for food. But that’s fine I suppose, those needs are universal so they are ok. But needs that others have and you don’t, are selfish? 

Get the fuck out of here with your egocentric world view."
3125,"In the fictional scenario that OP created, people would be raiding grocery stores for food. But that’s fine I suppose, those needs are universal so they are ok. But needs that others have and you don’t, are selfish? 

Get the fuck out of here with your egocentric world view.",I never said looting a grocery store was okay. But cool putting words in my mouth. You guys are open as fuck about your addiction and most posts in here are glorifying it. That really needs to stop. You should be shamed for your shitty decisions maybe it'll make you reconsider.
3126,I never said looting a grocery store was okay. But cool putting words in my mouth. You guys are open as fuck about your addiction and most posts in here are glorifying it. That really needs to stop. You should be shamed for your shitty decisions maybe it'll make you reconsider.,"I can tell you one thing with 100% certainty...no amount of shame you or anyone could put on us is gonna make anyone quit using or reconsider. Trust me, we are the most ashamed lot of people IMO. I've been in recovery for MANY years (currently not in all honesty) and not one person I know quit because of the shame of someone on the internet, let alone their loved ones. I appreciate your opinion about us, and you are entitled to it, but just wanted to provide a bit of clarity on that point. We quit when we are ready. Bottom line."
3127,"I can tell you one thing with 100% certainty...no amount of shame you or anyone could put on us is gonna make anyone quit using or reconsider. Trust me, we are the most ashamed lot of people IMO. I've been in recovery for MANY years (currently not in all honesty) and not one person I know quit because of the shame of someone on the internet, let alone their loved ones. I appreciate your opinion about us, and you are entitled to it, but just wanted to provide a bit of clarity on that point. We quit when we are ready. Bottom line.","If anything, shame makes it worse. Shame makes me want it more."
3128,"If anything, shame makes it worse. Shame makes me want it more.",This. 100%. Compassion makes me want to change.
3129,I never said looting a grocery store was okay. But cool putting words in my mouth. You guys are open as fuck about your addiction and most posts in here are glorifying it. That really needs to stop. You should be shamed for your shitty decisions maybe it'll make you reconsider.,Spoken like someone who’s never had to deal with addiction.
3130,Spoken like someone who’s never had to deal with addiction.,I use to steal to get high of dope too. Once you quit you'll realize how your rationalization of some things actually make no sense and you were just in feen mode only caring about yourself. But hey tell me more about myself please.
3131,I use to steal to get high of dope too. Once you quit you'll realize how your rationalization of some things actually make no sense and you were just in feen mode only caring about yourself. But hey tell me more about myself please.,"If you don't like it, why are you even here?  
  
If you really were an addict, you should know putting people down isn't the kick in the ass they need. People who are addicted to drugs typically have an undiagnosed mental disorder. They never find out, either, because they're so far down about themselves, literally nothing else matters because it *feels like they have nothing left*.  
  

At least, that's what it was like for me."
3132,"If you don't like it, why are you even here?  
  
If you really were an addict, you should know putting people down isn't the kick in the ass they need. People who are addicted to drugs typically have an undiagnosed mental disorder. They never find out, either, because they're so far down about themselves, literally nothing else matters because it *feels like they have nothing left*.  
  

At least, that's what it was like for me.",I wish when I was using people would put me down and not encourage my bad behaviors. For the longest I was functioning getting great grades and everything was working out. People would not relate my drug addiction as a problem because it wasn't affecting my every day life. I wish I had someone to say you are a fucking dumbass for continuing to do this shit. I ultimately had to tell myself this because that's ultimately the only person who cared enough. I was selling just about anything so I could buy my drugs and this alone is bad. I was buying praz from black web and pressing xans. One day I ate about 100 xans and blacked out for a few days. Than my dealer offered me a huge bag of fent to press blues. That was the day I decided to quit because I realized how many people would be dying from that shit. It's no way to properly make a blue with fent in your house but people do it anyways. And everyone in this thread knows that and continue to put their life at risk. Anyone who dies from this shit I feel for I really do because I know it isn't easy to quit. But they know the possibilities of buying fake pills that are pressed. They also know they dont wanna feel dope sick when they cant get their clean pills so they'll be okay buying a fake one because hey maybe it will work and you won't die  but I'd rather not take the risk as it seems stupid. If you need drugs to not feel bad about yourself you are caught in a terrible circle. Once you clean up it takes awhile to even start feeling normal again. That's even after the sickness pass. I just hope everyone in this thread will quit one day before it's too late. I think opening people's eyes to scary truths instead of sugarcoating it because I dont wanna hurt their feels is a better method to get someone to quit and live a healthier life.
3133,I use to steal to get high of dope too. Once you quit you'll realize how your rationalization of some things actually make no sense and you were just in feen mode only caring about yourself. But hey tell me more about myself please.,"Shut the fuck up. No one cares what you have to say...  Literally, no one"
3134,"Shut the fuck up. No one cares what you have to say...  Literally, no one",Literally no one cares about dope feens. Not even other feens they only care about themselves. Which is why no one here cares for my opinion. But I guarantee you what I'm saying holds a lot of weight.
3135,I never said looting a grocery store was okay. But cool putting words in my mouth. You guys are open as fuck about your addiction and most posts in here are glorifying it. That really needs to stop. You should be shamed for your shitty decisions maybe it'll make you reconsider.,Who hurt you?
3136,"You would raid a pharmacy or hospital? You are a real piece of shit. Hopefully the earthquake fucking kills you.

Edit: so many thumbs down I didnt know stealing was so acceptable in this community. More and more reasons why I enjoy my sobriety. I can actually think clear and not try to rationalize bad actions.",Okay mother Teresa get the fuck outta here with your high and mighty riding ego.. if only we could all be a saint like you. Sit down
3137,Okay mother Teresa get the fuck outta here with your high and mighty riding ego.. if only we could all be a saint like you. Sit down,"Yo I'm not saying that at all. I do wrong everyday. I reflect on my decisions and see what I can do better next time or possibly do the same because it's what I believe is right. High and mighty? Tbh I want to help everyone so yeah high and mighty works. I am no saint. I am far from it. But I dont justify my shitty actions with bullshit, i own up to it. I certainly would never steal again and those that steal are pieces of shit and every bad thing that happens to them they deserve."
3138,I don’t get fentadope withdrawals?,"I recently crashed off a binge and was WD.ing for four days from heroin fent meth and methadone so perhaps this is besides the question but that combo was substantially more hellacious than all my other heroin and meth ones. It felt like a next level heroin w.d.  with the duration of methadone come down. Basically I couldn't eat, felt exhausted however i hadnt been doing anything,  and  literally couldn't  get out of bed till 2pm, thats when I crawled to the couch to lay there.  It drives me crazy, im adhd as hell  yet exhausted from  nothing ✌"
3139,"I recently crashed off a binge and was WD.ing for four days from heroin fent meth and methadone so perhaps this is besides the question but that combo was substantially more hellacious than all my other heroin and meth ones. It felt like a next level heroin w.d.  with the duration of methadone come down. Basically I couldn't eat, felt exhausted however i hadnt been doing anything,  and  literally couldn't  get out of bed till 2pm, thats when I crawled to the couch to lay there.  It drives me crazy, im adhd as hell  yet exhausted from  nothing ✌",I've come off a lot of opiates. But peaking at 10 grams a day of fentdope was hands down the worst detox I've ever had
3140,"I recently crashed off a binge and was WD.ing for four days from heroin fent meth and methadone so perhaps this is besides the question but that combo was substantially more hellacious than all my other heroin and meth ones. It felt like a next level heroin w.d.  with the duration of methadone come down. Basically I couldn't eat, felt exhausted however i hadnt been doing anything,  and  literally couldn't  get out of bed till 2pm, thats when I crawled to the couch to lay there.  It drives me crazy, im adhd as hell  yet exhausted from  nothing ✌","Damn man that sounds terrible. How long (time using) did it take until you became physically dependent?

 I’ve been snorting and smoking H mixed with fet and another batch that’s just diluted fet, alongside snorting cocaine and the occasional benzo and I honestly think I’m more dependent on the coke than the opioids.  I experienced restless legs one night while trying to sleep but it hasn’t happened again since. I’ve been on the opioids almost every day for at least 2 months possibly 3."
3141,"Damn man that sounds terrible. How long (time using) did it take until you became physically dependent?

 I’ve been snorting and smoking H mixed with fet and another batch that’s just diluted fet, alongside snorting cocaine and the occasional benzo and I honestly think I’m more dependent on the coke than the opioids.  I experienced restless legs one night while trying to sleep but it hasn’t happened again since. I’ve been on the opioids almost every day for at least 2 months possibly 3.","Shizz bro😋, I'm 29 now started meth at 13, heroin at 17 and i would say true physical and  chemical dependance didn't occur till perhaps 25 years old. Around than I noticed a unbearable sickness/well cycle. Like you stims (meth specifically) has been my lil shoulder devil.  Id  recommend you magnesium powder for sleep and wellbeing. It instantly helped me and reading it's benefits it sounds too good 2 b true🖖"
3142,"Shizz bro😋, I'm 29 now started meth at 13, heroin at 17 and i would say true physical and  chemical dependance didn't occur till perhaps 25 years old. Around than I noticed a unbearable sickness/well cycle. Like you stims (meth specifically) has been my lil shoulder devil.  Id  recommend you magnesium powder for sleep and wellbeing. It instantly helped me and reading it's benefits it sounds too good 2 b true🖖","Thank you for your insight brotha man I’m almost 20 and been using coke and opioids since I was 15 years old but didn’t try heroin/fentadope until 17 and didn’t get heavily into them until I was 18 (with coke/crack which I rarely smoke now) and a few months ago with fentadope.

 I don’t even get huge euphoria out of coke like I used to unless I smoke or IV it but I still enjoy the fuck out of it and use it everyday and after 8 days of using my diluted fent I wasn’t even able to catch nods at all until I recently found someone with a H/fet mix that makes me nod my tits off. 

Luckily I for some odd reason don’t get very bad comedowns from coke (very high quality btw) and when I don’t have opioids I don’t seem to get sick at all. I’m very grateful for this but I know it won’t stay that way forever"
3143,"Thank you for your insight brotha man I’m almost 20 and been using coke and opioids since I was 15 years old but didn’t try heroin/fentadope until 17 and didn’t get heavily into them until I was 18 (with coke/crack which I rarely smoke now) and a few months ago with fentadope.

 I don’t even get huge euphoria out of coke like I used to unless I smoke or IV it but I still enjoy the fuck out of it and use it everyday and after 8 days of using my diluted fent I wasn’t even able to catch nods at all until I recently found someone with a H/fet mix that makes me nod my tits off. 

Luckily I for some odd reason don’t get very bad comedowns from coke (very high quality btw) and when I don’t have opioids I don’t seem to get sick at all. I’m very grateful for this but I know it won’t stay that way forever","I wish I could use and enjoy Tony montana...alas every time I find myself chasing a meth high off coke (which it's not, go figure)  and leaves me with instant anxiety and a slightly numb nasal and co. I also idolize it horribly enuff, I look at it lustfully, feel arrogant and powerful when I possess it,  it spiritually puts me at odds with the god of my understanding"
3144,"I wish I could use and enjoy Tony montana...alas every time I find myself chasing a meth high off coke (which it's not, go figure)  and leaves me with instant anxiety and a slightly numb nasal and co. I also idolize it horribly enuff, I look at it lustfully, feel arrogant and powerful when I possess it,  it spiritually puts me at odds with the god of my understanding","I totally understand where you’re coming from. Coke to me isn’t much of a stimulant in the way that amphetamines are, but more of a euphoriant. In my experience with high purity cocaine, a true coke high is oddly chill and feels very mentally uplifting and talkative. In a sense it’s like an opioid without the sedation or analgesia, but the euphoria and ego boost are still present. 

On the other hand and in my experience, amphetamines are less euphoric than coke (with the exception of MDMA) but they are much more true to the word “stimulant”‘ than yayo is. I get a more adrenaliney, productive high from amphetamines, one that makes mundane tasks much more enjoyable to do, compared to how when I’m on coke all I want to do is focus on the euphoria. 

A way I describe their differences to my less experienced friends is that the amphetamine class of drugs makes doing things feel good, and cocaine makes you feel good to be doing nothing. Unless I am socializing or doing something else that I already find enjoyable, other things can feel as if they are distracting me from honing in on my coke buzz."
3145,I don’t get fentadope withdrawals?,I have similar issues with the current shit that is masquerading as dope these days.
3146,I have similar issues with the current shit that is masquerading as dope these days.,I just don’t understand because what I’ve been using is most definitely an opioid
3147,I don’t get fentadope withdrawals?,"2 things: 

#1. Yeah it does take a long time to get physical wd when you first start 

#2. If you havent had opiate wd before, it sounds like you're already getting the beginnings, you probably just dont know it well enough yet.

Edit: sorry idk why it formatted like that on mobile. Must've typed one of the codes"
3148,I don’t get fentadope withdrawals?,"It's the cocaine and maybe the long half life fent.

Cocaine use with opiates reduces the opiate physical dependence, I shit you not. Not healthy, but it's a nice benefit for sure."
3149,"It's the cocaine and maybe the long half life fent.

Cocaine use with opiates reduces the opiate physical dependence, I shit you not. Not healthy, but it's a nice benefit for sure.",Sweet that sounds possible. I just got out of jail and am forced to go back to rehab so I guess I won’t have to deal with withdrawals too much either way
3150,I don’t get fentadope withdrawals?,Have you gone days without the fent yet? I was getting a fent/cut mix that had very long legs and  people I was getting it for said that they wasn’t withdrawing off it too but come 40 hours from their last dose and they are begging to god for a fix..
3151,Have you gone days without the fent yet? I was getting a fent/cut mix that had very long legs and  people I was getting it for said that they wasn’t withdrawing off it too but come 40 hours from their last dose and they are begging to god for a fix..,The longest I’ve gone is like 6 days and all I really notice is a craving to get high though it’s been a while since my last break so maybe next time I run dry I’ll get what’s coming.
3152,The longest I’ve gone is like 6 days and all I really notice is a craving to get high though it’s been a while since my last break so maybe next time I run dry I’ll get what’s coming.,Uh that’s pretty weird lol but hey if I was you I would get off the train while you got a chance of not having to feel wds .. it’s gotta be a once and a life time chance lol I would kill for that . I’m on methadone because of how scared I am of fent withdrawals..
3153,Uh that’s pretty weird lol but hey if I was you I would get off the train while you got a chance of not having to feel wds .. it’s gotta be a once and a life time chance lol I would kill for that . I’m on methadone because of how scared I am of fent withdrawals..,That’s what I’m planning on hopefully doing homie. Using this heroin fent mix to wean off the solely fent mix then I’ll try to see if I can stop cold turkey. Being able to afford more coke would definitely be a good motivator for myself. I know cokes not good either but it is the lesser of two evils and I like it a little more
3154,That’s what I’m planning on hopefully doing homie. Using this heroin fent mix to wean off the solely fent mix then I’ll try to see if I can stop cold turkey. Being able to afford more coke would definitely be a good motivator for myself. I know cokes not good either but it is the lesser of two evils and I like it a little more,"Goodluck man , if it don’t go as planned or you cannot handle it I suggest you go to a methadone clinic but not for long term go for 3-5 days & try to cold turkey the methadone I’ve heard its better to do it that way because technically your not dependent on the methadone yet but the fent and dope will be out of your system . Tbh I’m not sure if it’s true but it may work for you"
3155,Serious question where can I get an actual good filter like SYRINGE Type of filter to use to filter Roxy? What is the opinion here compared to just a piece of cotton? Also is it just a tiny piece of cotton I use? For 2 15 roxys I had to use 100cc of water to suck up 45 cc due to what the piece of,Go on Amazon and search for wheel filters for syringes. WAY better than using a piece of cotton.
3156,How fast of Codeine tolerance develop?,It won't decrease much at all or any. Its not like psychedelics. You may get a lil better buzz tmrw. Do you have any tolerance?
3157,It won't decrease much at all or any. Its not like psychedelics. You may get a lil better buzz tmrw. Do you have any tolerance?,"I’m not sure, today I took 60mg in the morning and 60mg before I went to bed last night. If I take 180mg tonight will it be like normal? I’m going to take it with 50mg DPH to make it more potent

Edit: never done opioids before those 2 doses"
3158,"I’m not sure, today I took 60mg in the morning and 60mg before I went to bed last night. If I take 180mg tonight will it be like normal? I’m going to take it with 50mg DPH to make it more potent

Edit: never done opioids before those 2 doses",How do you mean normal?  If you were to take 60mg of codeine right now it would basically feel like what you did this morning.  How did you feel off the 60mg?
3159,How do you mean normal?  If you were to take 60mg of codeine right now it would basically feel like what you did this morning.  How did you feel off the 60mg?,I felt a little sedated and kinda uplifted. By normal I mean would the effects be altered because of previous doses or be how they would’ve without them
3160,I felt a little sedated and kinda uplifted. By normal I mean would the effects be altered because of previous doses or be how they would’ve without them,"Look up Half-Life of codeine, learn"
3161,How fast of Codeine tolerance develop?,"I'd say about a week and you'll notice the high decreasing. Depends if you're opiate naive or not though. For me, it takes 2 - 3 days for my tolerance to sky rocket but then I am a long term codeine addict constantly hopping off of it then back on"
3162,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,its very possible but EXTREMELY difficult
3163,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,I'm not necessarily recreational but have been on oxy and oxycodone for 7 years and am still married. Lol
3164,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,"I can't speak for everyone but in my own experience and from what I've seen, many people who are using opiates recreationally typically have something going on which makes them look for a drug that's enough to block out that pain. However there are people out there who have pretty great lives and are able to take opiates once in a while just to enjoy the high. I feel like most people who have great lives or are in good mindset will normally do different drugs tho"
3165,"I can't speak for everyone but in my own experience and from what I've seen, many people who are using opiates recreationally typically have something going on which makes them look for a drug that's enough to block out that pain. However there are people out there who have pretty great lives and are able to take opiates once in a while just to enjoy the high. I feel like most people who have great lives or are in good mindset will normally do different drugs tho","This.  The type of person who finds that they can't live without them after a taste is generally someone who is going through life with unresolvable mental distress.  Previously, they have no idea what life feels like without this distress.  Once they discover opioids, and what they can do, there's just no replacement."
3166,"I can't speak for everyone but in my own experience and from what I've seen, many people who are using opiates recreationally typically have something going on which makes them look for a drug that's enough to block out that pain. However there are people out there who have pretty great lives and are able to take opiates once in a while just to enjoy the high. I feel like most people who have great lives or are in good mindset will normally do different drugs tho",I use them for actual chronic pain. When I started out it was actually for a good time and then for blocking out. Emotional pain from the death of my father .. Then I get into a car accident which I broke my hips and legs and had to learn to re walk and making story short chronic and nerve pain. So its for physical pain now but still I go months at a time without using then when I do its no more than 4 days .
3167,I use them for actual chronic pain. When I started out it was actually for a good time and then for blocking out. Emotional pain from the death of my father .. Then I get into a car accident which I broke my hips and legs and had to learn to re walk and making story short chronic and nerve pain. So its for physical pain now but still I go months at a time without using then when I do its no more than 4 days .,"I'm in a simular situation... I started with other drugs to block out my emotions and thoughts from past events that took place in my life but never touched opiates as I knew how bad they would be for me and how many friends I had lost from them. Well long story short 5 months ago I started experiencing pain in my upper right side of my mouth which made eating and daily life super painful and uncomfortable... I went to the dentist for 2 months straight and I finally got prescribed Tylenol 3's then Norco shortly after. I then seen my Dr and was then switched back to t3's but since my tolerance is higher, it takes many of them to even help slightly. I have permanent nerve damage in my mouth from old dental work.... I take opis for my chronic pain and for my non physical pain..."
3168,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,I was able to accomplish this BEFORE MY ADDICTION TO OPIATES. Now I can use them only like once a month or less even but I now getta horrible hangover afterwards that I NEVER got before my physical and mental addiction. Idk kinda doesn’t make sense to me
3169,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,Yes but it can be challenging. I used to be a sporadic Heroin user but my physically demanding job didn't mix well with my fibromyalgia so I started using it more and more to kill the physical pain from work until I became physically addicted.
3170,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,"I used to only use to numb my life. I'm doing better now, not addicted anymore. I still like to use now and then because...well the opiate high is great lmao. Real hard to keep it in check though, gets out of hand now and then so I need to take breaks."
3171,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,I get by with doing opiates about once a month. I crave them everyday but I can control it.
3172,Is it possible to have a healthy relationship with recreational use of opiates?,Ohh yes I am a recreational user .. You could say.. Yes they are addictive and I once was addicted but got clean years ago and now I occasionally use every couple months on a vacation or visiting my family up north.  I will get a couple and do them for a couple days 3-4 days have a good time then I get back home and dont use got months at a time. I have cravings hereand there but I don't feel them out or buy them where I live .. I hsve some fun.. Then go back home to sober living.
3173,Are they for real?,"If they advertise on the clearnet, stay clear."
3174,"If they advertise on the clearnet, stay clear.",I figured so.
3175,Are they for real?,SCAM
3176,Are they for real?,Theres legit chem companies from abroad that are on clearnet
3177,How do ppl nod while walking and not od?? Serious question,I can nod standing up lol
3178,I can nod standing up lol,I second this lol. Ive nodded out at work so many times slumped against my machine. Luckily I work nights so not many people around.
3179,I second this lol. Ive nodded out at work so many times slumped against my machine. Luckily I work nights so not many people around.,I nodded out at my job when I was an industrial sand blaster while running the machine. Ended up putting a hole clean through the side of a huge dump truck bed (like the ones plow trucks use for salt.) I can't imagine how expensive that mistake was and can't really blame the bosses for firing me shortly after because I called in once.
3180,I nodded out at my job when I was an industrial sand blaster while running the machine. Ended up putting a hole clean through the side of a huge dump truck bed (like the ones plow trucks use for salt.) I can't imagine how expensive that mistake was and can't really blame the bosses for firing me shortly after because I called in once.,Lol jesus. I dont think I could nod out sandblasting.
3181,Lol jesus. I dont think I could nod out sandblasting.,"This wasn't a small sand blaster... You had to rest the hose over your shoulder because of how heavy it was... It was about the size of a fire hose.

I did my usual 4 bag shot but the dealer had switched to some shit where 1 bag would've got me right."
3182,"This wasn't a small sand blaster... You had to rest the hose over your shoulder because of how heavy it was... It was about the size of a fire hose.

I did my usual 4 bag shot but the dealer had switched to some shit where 1 bag would've got me right.","Damn, stay safe bro"
3183,"Damn, stay safe bro","Haven't done dope in like 4 or 5 years, maybe I'm a pussy, but fent scares me.... At least street fent.

Now with no tolerance I'd still chew a 12.5 mcg/hr patch for shits and giggles."
3184,"Haven't done dope in like 4 or 5 years, maybe I'm a pussy, but fent scares me.... At least street fent.

Now with no tolerance I'd still chew a 12.5 mcg/hr patch for shits and giggles.",I know the feeling man. I used to do fent mixed with mannitol like it was going out of style(on purpose). Pretty sure I nearly died a few times so I havent ordered any since. Plus my dn hookup got busted cuz he was flashin money on fb lmao.
3185,Lol jesus. I dont think I could nod out sandblasting.,Yea where I work we sandblast and that sounds like a serious injury waiting to happen lol. Glad he didn’t get hurt tho could’ve been terrible
3186,I can nod standing up lol,How experienced are you tho? And what’s your tolerance like with what drug you nod out on??
3187,How experienced are you tho? And what’s your tolerance like with what drug you nod out on??,3 years of daily kratom and I use heroin almost daily (snorted and or boofed) and I can nod while washing dishes. Tolerance is medium level
3188,3 years of daily kratom and I use heroin almost daily (snorted and or boofed) and I can nod while washing dishes. Tolerance is medium level,For reference I can snort 2 points in 3 days while heavily high for 7 hours each day but won’t nod. Maybe because I am moving around but I feel if I were to be high enough I would nod out no matter what I’m doing. Correct?
3189,For reference I can snort 2 points in 3 days while heavily high for 7 hours each day but won’t nod. Maybe because I am moving around but I feel if I were to be high enough I would nod out no matter what I’m doing. Correct?,"Yes I can say as a former addict to modern day recreational user.. I did blueberries 30 mgs heavy like a 10 pack in a day plus I love benzodiazepines as well as other goodies and I can remember nodding a couple  times when I dont even want to or mean to and its hard to keep the eyes open on heavier doses.. Like I stopped doing berries and got clean a couple years ago but I do some berries every couple months when I go on vacation or visiting family then after those couple days I'm back home not doing anything .. And I Have to pace myself and watch myself if I don't break them in halfs because one 30mg or maximum 2berry 30mgs has me feeling nice and I don't want to 
Not when I'm talking to My mom. I remember being messed up on blues and bars two times when l nodded off washing the dishes in the kitchen and  and my mom came in and  said she would finish them .. So yes for me dude"
3190,3 years of daily kratom and I use heroin almost daily (snorted and or boofed) and I can nod while washing dishes. Tolerance is medium level,Can a fairly new user nod like this or will it be an overdose resulting In death
3191,3 years of daily kratom and I use heroin almost daily (snorted and or boofed) and I can nod while washing dishes. Tolerance is medium level,Im 17 days ct off kratom from a 3 year habbit. You dont feel like the prolonged kray use weakens other opiates because your receptors are so fried? One of the reasons I wanted to stop.
3192,Im 17 days ct off kratom from a 3 year habbit. You dont feel like the prolonged kray use weakens other opiates because your receptors are so fried? One of the reasons I wanted to stop.,"Yes absolutely this. I’ve been on Kratom daily for 3 years and any time I take a real opiate now it doesn’t do shit. Oxy, codeine, Vicodin, whatever. Literally does less for me than the Kratom does. Also how was the Kratom withdrawal? I’ve been trying to cut the shit but been to much of a pussy to follow through."
3193,"Yes absolutely this. I’ve been on Kratom daily for 3 years and any time I take a real opiate now it doesn’t do shit. Oxy, codeine, Vicodin, whatever. Literally does less for me than the Kratom does. Also how was the Kratom withdrawal? I’ve been trying to cut the shit but been to much of a pussy to follow through.","I took 2 hydrocodones a day for the first week and 1 a day the second week. Almost no wds because of that. Of course Im craving pills now but that was gonna happen regardless.

Edit : I usually eat 10 hydros a day when I have them. So I did it responsible af and it did help a ton."
3194,How experienced are you tho? And what’s your tolerance like with what drug you nod out on??,Ive battled with opiates for half my life. Ive got it under control now and only do it once ina while. I feel like no matter how long I go without my tolerance is perma high af though.
3195,How do ppl nod while walking and not od?? Serious question,I’ve been so high I couldn’t make it from my dresser to my bed 5 feet away before and kept falling asleep on my feet. It’s crazy how your body is so fucked up but can stay upright
3196,I’ve been so high I couldn’t make it from my dresser to my bed 5 feet away before and kept falling asleep on my feet. It’s crazy how your body is so fucked up but can stay upright,"I ran out lol, but all I could do was fall asleep while listening to music. Def did not do enough"
3197,"I ran out lol, but all I could do was fall asleep while listening to music. Def did not do enough","Your fine. I don’t think nodding is needed. I mainly started getting that fucked up when I had a problem with it. 

I like more just having a background buzz and going about my day. Being so fucked up you can’t do anything sometimes feels like a waste because you just sleep through half of it."
3198,"Your fine. I don’t think nodding is needed. I mainly started getting that fucked up when I had a problem with it. 

I like more just having a background buzz and going about my day. Being so fucked up you can’t do anything sometimes feels like a waste because you just sleep through half of it.","Yea I guess it was for the best, still high though just not sleep anymore. Drinking some brews and enjoying my ride now"
3199,"Your fine. I don’t think nodding is needed. I mainly started getting that fucked up when I had a problem with it. 

I like more just having a background buzz and going about my day. Being so fucked up you can’t do anything sometimes feels like a waste because you just sleep through half of it.",Crazy how ppl say how addictive this is but it just feels like it’s just another high def not craving it and I’ve done it a few times before. Same goes with clear
3200,Crazy how ppl say how addictive this is but it just feels like it’s just another high def not craving it and I’ve done it a few times before. Same goes with clear,"It sneaks up on people generally. I know it did with me. I started using more frequently and next thing you know I’ve impulsively used for a week straight, and then I felt the dark side of opiates. Sober for a month now but still occasionally browse this sub"
3201,How do ppl nod while walking and not od?? Serious question,Can a fairly new user nod like this or will it be an overdose resulting In death
3202,Can a fairly new user nod like this or will it be an overdose resulting In death,I would think that anyone can nod if they used more than normal but not enough to OD
3203,I would think that anyone can nod if they used more than normal but not enough to OD,Ok I love my life and won’t have access to heroin anymore in the next couple of days. With that being said I’m still gonna take it easy rather be high than die lol
3204,Ok I love my life and won’t have access to heroin anymore in the next couple of days. With that being said I’m still gonna take it easy rather be high than die lol,"Bruh, you gotta nod once in your life. Its so lovely."
3205,"Bruh, you gotta nod once in your life. Its so lovely.",I ran out maybe sometime later in life lol
3206,How do ppl nod while walking and not od?? Serious question,Fentanyl will make you do that
3207,How do ppl nod while walking and not od?? Serious question,"When I was at work at ups. I was in a hard nod while working with another unloaded. Apparently I started nodding off (I must have taken too much) and when I finally got out of the nod, my co-worker was like wtf did you take dude! He stated that I started nodding for like 30 seconds in and out repeatedly. Didn’t last too long but holy fuck was it amazing!"
3208,"When I was at work at ups. I was in a hard nod while working with another unloaded. Apparently I started nodding off (I must have taken too much) and when I finally got out of the nod, my co-worker was like wtf did you take dude! He stated that I started nodding for like 30 seconds in and out repeatedly. Didn’t last too long but holy fuck was it amazing!",One time I bruised my face really badly nodding out standing up. Not my proudest moment lol.
3209,Does everyone’s dealer’s scream at them for no apparent reason or just mine?,"Drop him, he thinks of you as a wasteless fein who he can make a quick buck off of. Trust me as a former dealer, this is what they all think. It’s kinda fucked all my friends were dealers and they just always used to talk shit about the people who they were selling too. They would say shit like “this fuckin fein is paying my rent hahahaha”. (I would play a long and laugh, but I was always friends with the people I sold to and gave them great prices). Trust me dignity is always better than the high. Find a good dealer that will treat you well and give you good prices."
3210,"Drop him, he thinks of you as a wasteless fein who he can make a quick buck off of. Trust me as a former dealer, this is what they all think. It’s kinda fucked all my friends were dealers and they just always used to talk shit about the people who they were selling too. They would say shit like “this fuckin fein is paying my rent hahahaha”. (I would play a long and laugh, but I was always friends with the people I sold to and gave them great prices). Trust me dignity is always better than the high. Find a good dealer that will treat you well and give you good prices.",Facts. Having a reliable plug and good dope to depend on is a better constant-high than most of the highs you’ll get risking it with sketchy d-boys
3211,"Drop him, he thinks of you as a wasteless fein who he can make a quick buck off of. Trust me as a former dealer, this is what they all think. It’s kinda fucked all my friends were dealers and they just always used to talk shit about the people who they were selling too. They would say shit like “this fuckin fein is paying my rent hahahaha”. (I would play a long and laugh, but I was always friends with the people I sold to and gave them great prices). Trust me dignity is always better than the high. Find a good dealer that will treat you well and give you good prices.",[deleted]
3212,[deleted],Fiend
3213,[deleted],"My bad, it’s like the equivalent to a junky lol"
3214,"My bad, it’s like the equivalent to a junky lol","Honestly it's more my bad, I should've known you meant fiend my brain just stopped working for a sec"
3215,"Honestly it's more my bad, I should've known you meant fiend my brain just stopped working for a sec",Hah don’t sweat it bro!
3216,[deleted],"Larry Fein, attorney at law. He'll fight for you *points at camera*."
3217,"Larry Fein, attorney at law. He'll fight for you *points at camera*.",I like cut of your jib
3218,Does everyone’s dealer’s scream at them for no apparent reason or just mine?,It's time for you to figure out how to cop from the other plugs. This connect thinks your a bitch if he is yealling at you and tripping on you like you say he is ( I'm not personally saying you are I'm just telling you what he probably thinks). But like everyone else says your dignity shouldn't be set aside for the sack. Nothing like copping a sack and getting high while being treated decently homie.
3219,Does everyone’s dealer’s scream at them for no apparent reason or just mine?,"I had a dealer who was always nice to me and gave me great prices. He was mean in every other transaction I saw though. One time I walked up to his window got my shyt and thanked him and was walking to my car when he yelled at this one chick/customer walking up to his truck, “HURRY TF UP BITCH!!!” I was like wtf. This other time my buddy was driving and pulled up next to him and was doing the transaction and my dealer yelled at him for not being fast enough (even though he wasn’t being slow)... idk some dealers are good to some people and then completely irate to others? It’s definitely not your fault, just use him like he’s probs using you. Every time you buy from him just know it may be his last time, he’ll end up in jail/prison in no time 🙌 BE SAFE 💚"
3220,Does everyone’s dealer’s scream at them for no apparent reason or just mine?,"Bitch back bro, he'll either act a cunt, then in which drop him and get your other plug (saying is easier than doing, I know)
Or he might even show you a-bit more respect because you didn't let him treat you like shit, had dealers like this before and I know they can be picky bastards"
3221,"Bitch back bro, he'll either act a cunt, then in which drop him and get your other plug (saying is easier than doing, I know)
Or he might even show you a-bit more respect because you didn't let him treat you like shit, had dealers like this before and I know they can be picky bastards","This is actually super true. I remember a couple times over a year ago I went OFF on him and got super pissed back and he actually seemed to get less upset and try to reason with me instead of what I thought (getting even more enraged).  It’s like he respected me more for throwing it back and not being a bitch and taking it.

Idk though. Just don’t have the energy nowadays to be angry with stupid dealers. I just wanna drop him."
3222,"This is actually super true. I remember a couple times over a year ago I went OFF on him and got super pissed back and he actually seemed to get less upset and try to reason with me instead of what I thought (getting even more enraged).  It’s like he respected me more for throwing it back and not being a bitch and taking it.

Idk though. Just don’t have the energy nowadays to be angry with stupid dealers. I just wanna drop him.","I don't know why they think shouting at customers is going to make them look good.

I've been on both sides and I understand that showing that you're not a pushover is what dealers have to do but shouting at people for no reason is stupid, nobody should give it if they can't take it.

Drop him if that's how it is, I'm sure he'll miss your money."
3223,"This is actually super true. I remember a couple times over a year ago I went OFF on him and got super pissed back and he actually seemed to get less upset and try to reason with me instead of what I thought (getting even more enraged).  It’s like he respected me more for throwing it back and not being a bitch and taking it.

Idk though. Just don’t have the energy nowadays to be angry with stupid dealers. I just wanna drop him.","Do it then

Getting a vehicle would help. Personally if he was my only way to cop, I would just quit"
3224,Does everyone’s dealer’s scream at them for no apparent reason or just mine?,"Yeah get a new dealer bro. My dealer yelled at me once and I told him to shut up. He was surprised. I told him how much I spent at the time 800 a week or so. I pay for your shit bro. Respect the client because you respect the money right?

I’m the only one that he serves and let’s chill at his house now. I even know his mom well. He even gave me his phones when he went out and his big sack.

Of course / ive given him a car to use a few times. Loaned him some cash to re up once. cash app when he was out of town and ran low on vacation.

I also probably do not look like a normal junkie. I use every other quarter.  So I don’t run low on funds and just as I get to the end of the quarter I usually do something stupid lol. I’ve been doing that for 6 years now. Same dboy majority of the time."
3225,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,i think they are bullshit send them to me and i will get rid of
3226,i think they are bullshit send them to me and i will get rid of,Haha hey! Send some my way too!
3227,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,"If you are not used to opioids, it should significantly help your pain depending on what exactly it is prescribed for. Also relaxation and mood enhancement should also occur. 

Feet up, Movie on and enjoy the calm!"
3228,"If you are not used to opioids, it should significantly help your pain depending on what exactly it is prescribed for. Also relaxation and mood enhancement should also occur. 

Feet up, Movie on and enjoy the calm!","thank u so much ! this was def the most helpful response, the other replies were a little scary lol.

i was nervous/anxious bc i've never taken any kind of \~intense pill (based on what i've seen in the media, etc.) like this and i'm the type of person to google ""is taking an advil safe if ur drunk"" lmao,, but it was very pleasant and took care of the pain ! :)"
3229,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,Not at all mate 👍
3230,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,What was it prescribed for? Just curious because you pretty much have to be dying to get prescribed opioids where I'm from.
3231,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,Take two and enjoy (: makes me feel like myself.. Which is a seductive. Be careful
3232,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,"I would avoid it at all cost chances are you may be one of those people that love it like can’t stop thinking about that feeling for a minute love it & tbh most people are in that category just the ones that haven’t tried it yet don’t know how good of a feeling it is , yet .. BUT it’s such a good feeling your mind will trick you into saying just one more time again and again & again until your doing heroin and looking on here on to shoot it up for the first time ect .. all I’m saying is a lot of people have been exactly where you are right now & WISH to god they never fucking touched it .. I’m one of them .. & I hope you never go through the absolute living hell we addicts have to live with & go through every single day .. you will never be the same after you take that pill just remember that . I don’t think your going to like the person you’ll become either .."
3233,"I would avoid it at all cost chances are you may be one of those people that love it like can’t stop thinking about that feeling for a minute love it & tbh most people are in that category just the ones that haven’t tried it yet don’t know how good of a feeling it is , yet .. BUT it’s such a good feeling your mind will trick you into saying just one more time again and again & again until your doing heroin and looking on here on to shoot it up for the first time ect .. all I’m saying is a lot of people have been exactly where you are right now & WISH to god they never fucking touched it .. I’m one of them .. & I hope you never go through the absolute living hell we addicts have to live with & go through every single day .. you will never be the same after you take that pill just remember that . I don’t think your going to like the person you’ll become either ..",That’s a little extreme for a 5mg Percocet buddy lol
3234,That’s a little extreme for a 5mg Percocet buddy lol,Lol nah I get it but that’s where it leads too ..
3235,Lol nah I get it but that’s where it leads too ..,OP I might be recovering from major surgery for all we know. An injury? We don't know what they actually were made given for. But this is exactly how they should be used...Low dose and just enough to get through the rough stuff.
3236,OP I might be recovering from major surgery for all we know. An injury? We don't know what they actually were made given for. But this is exactly how they should be used...Low dose and just enough to get through the rough stuff.,"Seeing how stingy doctors are with prescribing oxy now a days, OP probably just got done with a double amputation WITH salt rubbed on the open wounds.

Double amputation without salt? Here's some 800 mg ibuprofen and alternate hot and cold for a few days"
3237,"Seeing how stingy doctors are with prescribing oxy now a days, OP probably just got done with a double amputation WITH salt rubbed on the open wounds.

Double amputation without salt? Here's some 800 mg ibuprofen and alternate hot and cold for a few days","I'm the 1st one to tell an 18 year old kid asking if he should try a 30 mg M Box for the 1st time to put it away. These are prescribed, there are still bad doctors out there but like you said opiates are not easy to come by anymore. Somebody who genuinely needs them should not be made to feel guilty here of all places"
3238,"I'm the 1st one to tell an 18 year old kid asking if he should try a 30 mg M Box for the 1st time to put it away. These are prescribed, there are still bad doctors out there but like you said opiates are not easy to come by anymore. Somebody who genuinely needs them should not be made to feel guilty here of all places","Right? I still go overboard with em if a doctor prescribed them so I can catch a decent buzz... But I don't have any connects to get more so then I just stay away.

Instead of taking them as prescribed for a week straight I'd rather feel good as fuck for a day or two then use Tylenol for pain after."
3239,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,Absolutely nothing lol
3240,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,You? You're gonna get fucked up
3241,what does a oxy 5mg do ?,"That’s because most won’t put themselves in your position and why you asked in the specific manner you did. I could sense you were wary as you have clarified.

Glad it was a good experience. Now you know the Oxy enticement, just keep the magic for when only magic will do."
3242,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,At that dose I think you should be good
3243,At that dose I think you should be good,Thanks man
3244,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,"I personally love mixing opiates and benzos but know your tolerance and start slow, assume the affects of both will be doubled when dosing so if you're used to taking an 80 of oxy, take a 40 and half a benzo and start from there"
3245,"I personally love mixing opiates and benzos but know your tolerance and start slow, assume the affects of both will be doubled when dosing so if you're used to taking an 80 of oxy, take a 40 and half a benzo and start from there",Thank you for your advice man. I never knew the effects of opiates and benzos will be doubled once mixed.
3246,Thank you for your advice man. I never knew the effects of opiates and benzos will be doubled once mixed.,"I'm no scientist dont quote me on double, but when I do a bar or a clonazepam before I do a hydromorph its very much noticably a nicer more intense high, once again not very safe, once again I LOVE it so i don't judge"
3247,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,It can be done but keep the doses of both small.
3248,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,"I am not a Dr. So this is just my PERSONAL experience. Doesn’t mean its good for everyone.
I am prescribed both. Ive talked to my dr about this. He is very laid back when it comes to stuff like this. He said if you taking small amounts its more of precautionary to tell people not to mix them. His words “is it likely something will happen? No. Could it happen? Maybe”
During the day i take them together. At night, i take my last Xanax at like 5pm. And no more for the night unless their is an unexpected panic attack. And then i take about 20mg oxy around 8 or 9. Then bed at like 11. I figure its enough time for the Xanax to wear off. I’ve never had any issue. 
AGAIN, i’m Not saying its ok....because mixing opioids and benzos can be very dangerous! That’s just my experience :)"
3249,"I am not a Dr. So this is just my PERSONAL experience. Doesn’t mean its good for everyone.
I am prescribed both. Ive talked to my dr about this. He is very laid back when it comes to stuff like this. He said if you taking small amounts its more of precautionary to tell people not to mix them. His words “is it likely something will happen? No. Could it happen? Maybe”
During the day i take them together. At night, i take my last Xanax at like 5pm. And no more for the night unless their is an unexpected panic attack. And then i take about 20mg oxy around 8 or 9. Then bed at like 11. I figure its enough time for the Xanax to wear off. I’ve never had any issue. 
AGAIN, i’m Not saying its ok....because mixing opioids and benzos can be very dangerous! That’s just my experience :)","Also, Ativan has a VERY short half life."
3250,"I am not a Dr. So this is just my PERSONAL experience. Doesn’t mean its good for everyone.
I am prescribed both. Ive talked to my dr about this. He is very laid back when it comes to stuff like this. He said if you taking small amounts its more of precautionary to tell people not to mix them. His words “is it likely something will happen? No. Could it happen? Maybe”
During the day i take them together. At night, i take my last Xanax at like 5pm. And no more for the night unless their is an unexpected panic attack. And then i take about 20mg oxy around 8 or 9. Then bed at like 11. I figure its enough time for the Xanax to wear off. I’ve never had any issue. 
AGAIN, i’m Not saying its ok....because mixing opioids and benzos can be very dangerous! That’s just my experience :)",Thanks Bruv!
3251,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,"Can you? Yes.

Safely? Absolutely not."
3252,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,no i’d say wait a long time * b4 taking lorazepam
3253,no i’d say wait a long time * b4 taking lorazepam,"Thanks for your advice and concern! Although i have decided to pop 2,5mg lora circa 1 hour ago, really don't feel it."
3254,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,You can mix them just make sure you don’t drink alcohol. Personally I space them out about 2-3 hours apart and have done so for 10 plus years. Take recommended amount and nothing more.
3255,You can mix them just make sure you don’t drink alcohol. Personally I space them out about 2-3 hours apart and have done so for 10 plus years. Take recommended amount and nothing more.,Thanks bro
3256,Thanks bro,No problem. You ever need anything else shoot me a message
3257,No problem. You ever need anything else shoot me a message,Appreciated man
3258,Can i mix Oxy and Lorazepam safely?,"fwiw i mix the 2 all the time with no issues, it's all about tolerance."
3259,"fwiw i mix the 2 all the time with no issues, it's all about tolerance.",Thank you bro
3260,New to sub and have question about coating on 60mg OxyContin ER??,Do they say OP or OC on them?
3261,Do they say OP or OC on them?,Sorry forgot to mention it says OP on them
3262,How to nod?,"I’d go with oral because the bioavailability is higher but if you wanna sniff them make sure you crush them up as much as you can until it’s a very fine powder. Also before you sniff them, clear out your nose as best you can and snort a tiny bit of water to get your nasal membranes wet so it will absorb better. Then make 2 even sized lines and lightly sniff one in each nostril, this should make them work better"
3263,"I’d go with oral because the bioavailability is higher but if you wanna sniff them make sure you crush them up as much as you can until it’s a very fine powder. Also before you sniff them, clear out your nose as best you can and snort a tiny bit of water to get your nasal membranes wet so it will absorb better. Then make 2 even sized lines and lightly sniff one in each nostril, this should make them work better",I know snorting kicks in faster. How much longer until it hits orally?
3264,I know snorting kicks in faster. How much longer until it hits orally?,You’ll feel it within 30 minutes if you take it orally
3265,You’ll feel it within 30 minutes if you take it orally,thank you :)
3266,How to nod?,Sounds like you need to up the ante a hair
3267,How to nod?,"insuffilation has about 20-25% less bioavailability than taking it orally, it does take longer to kick in, but that little bit could be the difference between nodding and not."
3268,How to nod?,Eat half your dose and wait 45 minutes then snort the other half
3269,Eat half your dose and wait 45 minutes then snort the other half,Indeed! But I only just make it to 30mins cause of being an impatient bastard!  Ha...
3270,How to nod?,I also had to be quiet as my girl was asleep and she doesnt like opiates. So was I not snorting hard enough? Had to go slowly and quietly.
3271,I also had to be quiet as my girl was asleep and she doesnt like opiates. So was I not snorting hard enough? Had to go slowly and quietly.,"Are you a troll or really this dumb?

“Put yo earplugs in guts I’m finna nod!”

Ahaha you don’t fucking snore when you nod... nodding isn’t sleeping dipshit. Also why the fuck would it make the difference if you did?  You think making a noise would alter your state of mind like that?

How to nod: take a high dose of opioids, don’t overdose, success"
3272,"Are you a troll or really this dumb?

“Put yo earplugs in guts I’m finna nod!”

Ahaha you don’t fucking snore when you nod... nodding isn’t sleeping dipshit. Also why the fuck would it make the difference if you did?  You think making a noise would alter your state of mind like that?

How to nod: take a high dose of opioids, don’t overdose, success",[deleted]
3273,[deleted],"Ok i see where you got the snoring part. My apologies, not the best morning I've had. Sorry again :("
3274,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,Knock back half and check back with us in 30-45 mins
3275,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,"You’re good to take oxy, it will definitely help with the comedown and probably make it easier for you to sleep. Btw if you wanna search stuff about drugs use another search engine like bing. Google sucks now, the only results you get when you look stuff up like that is bullshit rehab websites"
3276,"You’re good to take oxy, it will definitely help with the comedown and probably make it easier for you to sleep. Btw if you wanna search stuff about drugs use another search engine like bing. Google sucks now, the only results you get when you look stuff up like that is bullshit rehab websites",Thanks. Was wondering what the deal was why I couldn't find anything.
3277,Thanks. Was wondering what the deal was why I couldn't find anything.,Better yet use duckduckgo as they don't censor much if anything.
3278,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,God no tolerance? That dose’ll have you puking for sure. Take half and you’ll be good to take the other half in a few hours. TRUST ME. And if ya don’t trust me come back and tell me the results of taking the whole 30mg with no tolerance so I can say I told ya so haha. G’luck mate 🧙‍♂️
3279,God no tolerance? That dose’ll have you puking for sure. Take half and you’ll be good to take the other half in a few hours. TRUST ME. And if ya don’t trust me come back and tell me the results of taking the whole 30mg with no tolerance so I can say I told ya so haha. G’luck mate 🧙‍♂️,"Well I did 15mg a week ago so I figured because of tolerance 30mg would be just a little stronger than the 15mg was. I've done 30mg no tolerance before and it was cool but did 40mg the next day and was disappointed (years ago). I've also done 50mg hydrocodone no tolerance before and was fine although I did overdose on 60mg from chugging the CWE too fast. I've never got sick from opiates before even tho I'm not bothering with CWE this time. The tylenol is what contributes to the nausea a lot doesn't it? Maybe I'll take just 25mg, gonna wait a couple more hours and eat before I do because I still haven't ate anything. Also everytime I redose opiates it's a complete waste and I don't feel anything. Will let you know how it went in a few hours"
3280,"Well I did 15mg a week ago so I figured because of tolerance 30mg would be just a little stronger than the 15mg was. I've done 30mg no tolerance before and it was cool but did 40mg the next day and was disappointed (years ago). I've also done 50mg hydrocodone no tolerance before and was fine although I did overdose on 60mg from chugging the CWE too fast. I've never got sick from opiates before even tho I'm not bothering with CWE this time. The tylenol is what contributes to the nausea a lot doesn't it? Maybe I'll take just 25mg, gonna wait a couple more hours and eat before I do because I still haven't ate anything. Also everytime I redose opiates it's a complete waste and I don't feel anything. Will let you know how it went in a few hours","You won’t have a tolerance from the 15mg a week ago trust me - I’ve done too many opiates to be proud of at this point. But just remember you can always take more but never less. I think if you ate all the 30, you’ll feel amazing regardless of if there’s nausea. Just lmk how it goes, I’m curious. 🍕"
3281,"You won’t have a tolerance from the 15mg a week ago trust me - I’ve done too many opiates to be proud of at this point. But just remember you can always take more but never less. I think if you ate all the 30, you’ll feel amazing regardless of if there’s nausea. Just lmk how it goes, I’m curious. 🍕",Well I'm an hour in and feel great wit no problems 😎 Glad I took the whole 30mg because it does feel just as strong as the 15mg a week ago but its probably cuz of how strong the ice ice baby was 😴
3282,Well I'm an hour in and feel great wit no problems 😎 Glad I took the whole 30mg because it does feel just as strong as the 15mg a week ago but its probably cuz of how strong the ice ice baby was 😴,Imo you are defying the laws of physics by not getting sick. I mean more power to ya 🤙
3283,Imo you are defying the laws of physics by not getting sick. I mean more power to ya 🤙,No but I forget about the itching... the unbearable constant itching.... it almost takes away from being able to enjoy it because I can't stop itching all over. all opiates make me itch bad. I prefer benzos. For some reason I dont itch in codeine no where near as bad as the others
3284,No but I forget about the itching... the unbearable constant itching.... it almost takes away from being able to enjoy it because I can't stop itching all over. all opiates make me itch bad. I prefer benzos. For some reason I dont itch in codeine no where near as bad as the others,Antihistamines you can buy over the counter usually potentiate opiates potency 😊
3285,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,"Eat half wait up to an hour, see how you feel. Then snort the rest if you feel up to it. Just be careful though as 15mg last week would not of given you a tolerance. Have fun 😴"
3286,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,"Why do people love meth so much? I love drugs just as much as the next fiend, but god damn that shit is gross and dirty."
3287,"Why do people love meth so much? I love drugs just as much as the next fiend, but god damn that shit is gross and dirty.",Agreed. I hate it and regret it everytime I do it mane
3288,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,Yes
3289,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,Ya
3290,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,Yes you can take Oxycodone with Methamphetamine.
3291,Can I take 30mg oxycodone while on meth?,Take the WHOLE thing.  Don’t waste it by only dosing half. Trust me.
3292,Take the WHOLE thing.  Don’t waste it by only dosing half. Trust me.,Glad I did. Could of probably even taken another 10mg if I had it
3293,What’s your hustle?,lately I been flipping burgers and it's been a nice vacation from my regular hustle which is boosting. I got the security keys and everything I would get clothing electronics hygeine food whatever. If it's movable it doable was what I would say. glad I've been able to put a pin in it for a bit now tho for the 9-5 gig. And their is no better feeling than walking into a store you've ripped off countless times and rubbing it in their faces when you walk thru and pay for your shit. weirdest kinda revenge
3294,What’s your hustle?,Get a job?
3295,What’s your hustle?,[deleted]
3296,[deleted],"Do something about it, been there. Go find a labour job that does yardwork or something and actually show up at your job and not miss shifts."
3297,[deleted],Pussy
3298,What’s your hustle?,paid focus groups
3299,paid focus groups,Where could I go about finding these?
3300,Where could I go about finding these?,craigslist is where i found mine
3301,Where could I go about finding these?,"If you are in a big city, look into Schlesinger Group.  They are a big outfit that does a lot of paid focus groups in my city, they have offices all over the US, search on Google.  They usually pay between 100 and 200 per group if you are picked.  Payment comes via prepaid visa debit card"
3302,Where could I go about finding these?,Look up 20/20 research
3303,Look up 20/20 research,Okay thank you guys!
3304,What’s your hustle?,Bippin
3305,Bippin,"I’m sorry, but I dunno what that means! Can you elaborate?"
3306,What’s your hustle?,I was thinking about flyin a sign but I wasn’t sure of the legality or if it would even be worth that...
3307,What’s your hustle?,"Idk where ur at but look up labor ready or similar temp agencies. They give u work like dishwashing/ construction/ catering/ moving boxes idk random shit, and if u got a bank account they do direct deposit just a few days afterwards. If not I think they write checks the same day."
3308,What’s your hustle?,Breaking car windows easy money easy 1000 a day if u hit for a mac book everyday
3309,Currently available RC opiates. Thoughts?,"I've heard certain colored batches of Piperidylthiambutene are inactive. I've seen at at least one post on the subject before.

Also I think PRE-084 is a sigma receptor agonist that's chemically related to PCP.

And O-DSMT is the opioid metabolite of Tramadol so it cuts out having to be a good CYP2D6 metabolizer to get good effects out of it. It's about as strong as Hydrocodone so if you have a tolerance it won't cut it but it's a good alternative for the opioid naive."
3310,Currently available RC opiates. Thoughts?,Is /u/captainfentanyl still around?  He use to have a wealth of knowledge about things like that.
3311,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,Induct?
3312,Induct?,"Im also curious what this means if anyone would elaborate, from the comments I've read i assume it has something to do with qualifying for Suboxone"
3313,"Im also curious what this means if anyone would elaborate, from the comments I've read i assume it has something to do with qualifying for Suboxone",It means taking suboxone. You have to wait until your withdrawing enough that you won't suffer PWD's (precipitated withdrawals).
3314,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,"Dam man see that's another bs thing about fent. At 5 days, I would just do a short term methadone"
3315,"Dam man see that's another bs thing about fent. At 5 days, I would just do a short term methadone","I would, too. Absolutely."
3316,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,"Can you do a short term methadone taper instead? 

Do you mean on a withdrawal scale you still aren't bad enough for subs? I've never heard of 5 days. I know someone who got PWD after 48 hours. 

Either way, please don't use! You made it five entire days which is freaking amazing and I'm sooo proud of you!"
3317,"Can you do a short term methadone taper instead? 

Do you mean on a withdrawal scale you still aren't bad enough for subs? I've never heard of 5 days. I know someone who got PWD after 48 hours. 

Either way, please don't use! You made it five entire days which is freaking amazing and I'm sooo proud of you!","Yeah, its wierd. Its like im sixk but not sick enough to the point where i could induct subs. How could i do a short term methadone taper?"
3318,"Yeah, its wierd. Its like im sixk but not sick enough to the point where i could induct subs. How could i do a short term methadone taper?","There's quite a few posts on this sub explaining experiences with 3 or 5 day tapers. I haven't done it myself. 

That's wild though that you never got sick enough for subs. Maybe somehow you had a mild withdrawal? How bad was day 3 for you?"
3319,"Yeah, its wierd. Its like im sixk but not sick enough to the point where i could induct subs. How could i do a short term methadone taper?","https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/axnttf/athome_methadone_taper/?st=K187WCM5&sh=d34cc3d8

https://www.reddit.com/r/opiates/comments/da9akg/one_week_methadone_taper_advice/?st=K187X62X&sh=d1a16265"
3320,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,"I was exactly the same as you in terms of how I felt on day 5 in a detox, made the mistake of saying fuck it and took 4mg of a sub hoping it would make me feel great...PWD 30 min later until I checked out of the rehab the next day to get high and get well."
3321,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,have you tried or are you just assuming????
3322,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,"After 5 days, I would just ride it out tbh.  There's no point in getting past these brutal withdrawals only to get hooked on bupe."
3323,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,"Honestly man fent is wicked weird. I've had some terrible dependency to that shit and multiple I've had to stop and my withdrawals were a uncomfort more than anything. Dont think I'm an inexperienced user. One time I was up to 5Gs a day, I got sent to jail, and I had close to no withdrawals at all. Ita weird 


DONT TAKE THE BUPE UNTIL YOU KNOW YOURE READY THO. PWD IS THE WORST"
3324,It has been 5 days and still cannot induct?!,I had this same problem man I could wait days and still not take a sub or I would get sick  . The only thing that even touched my fent habit was methadone it worked amazingly and it saved my life 100% . Maybe give it a try it might just work for you but you have to work the program too
3325,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,Yes you're good
3326,Yes you're good,Alright thanks
3327,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,No send them to me for analysis
3328,No send them to me for analysis,Lmao Ill get right on that
3329,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,I’ve had like 10 year expired  old meds and works fine
3330,I’ve had like 10 year expired  old meds and works fine,Awesome thanks for the info
3331,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,"Most meds just lose potency over time. A few can be toxic, I believe Aspirin is one that will."
3332,"Most meds just lose potency over time. A few can be toxic, I believe Aspirin is one that will.",Yeah I’d be more worried about the expired apap than the narcotic 😷
3333,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,"Ive taken pills like 10 years expired lol. They still work, just not as strong."
3334,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,I found some Xanax from like 2012 in a jacket pocket it was for like a airplane ride or something for a family member and they didn’t even take one but I ended up taking some and they put me on my ass so I’d say ur good to go.
3335,I found some Xanax from like 2012 in a jacket pocket it was for like a airplane ride or something for a family member and they didn’t even take one but I ended up taking some and they put me on my ass so I’d say ur good to go.,Yeah the pill worked very well. Seemed more potent. I talked to a pharmacist and they tried to say it wasnt recommended but it totally works fine
3336,Is 6 years expired Hydrocodone 7.5mg/Acetaminophen 325mg safe to take?,"Yes pills don’t really expire to be honest,may loose a little potency"
3337,"Yes pills don’t really expire to be honest,may loose a little potency",Yeah I found a study that suggested this I might link it for people looking this up in the future.
3338,What kind of withdrawals should I expect?,"Opiate withdrawals are extremely mental.

If you fully commit and, better yet, situate yourself so you literally cannot use for a week, it's so much easier than if you sit at home debating whether to use or not.

So if you're gonna do it, tie yourself to the mast, delete the numbers from the phone and have someone delete them from your google accounts, give your phone to a friend if necessary, go out of town if possible...

It is seriously so mental. 

You'd probably barely get sick at all if you knew it was literally impossible to use.

Also, gabapentin or pregabalin are your friends."
3339,"Opiate withdrawals are extremely mental.

If you fully commit and, better yet, situate yourself so you literally cannot use for a week, it's so much easier than if you sit at home debating whether to use or not.

So if you're gonna do it, tie yourself to the mast, delete the numbers from the phone and have someone delete them from your google accounts, give your phone to a friend if necessary, go out of town if possible...

It is seriously so mental. 

You'd probably barely get sick at all if you knew it was literally impossible to use.

Also, gabapentin or pregabalin are your friends.",I agree it is very mental but the physical part is very very real
3340,I agree it is very mental but the physical part is very very real,"There are real physical withdrawals that are not mental in any way.

But, eg, it's a fact that someone detoxing at home when they know they CAN get it and WANT to get it, eg because they need to pass a pee test, will get sicker than someone who is in jail, or who is in a rehab in the middle of nowhere without the funds to get home or even to a city to cop.

I've experienced it and I've heard the story repeatedly.

Last guy told me he did 6 days in jail. On day 6 he was feeling better coming off of dope. Then he finds out he's getting bailed out. IMMEDIATELY he is sweating and getting hot and cold, etc, all ways for that scumbag addict part of his brain to remind him to go use.

All those symptoms that had ended were brought back the moment he heard he would be free and have the opportunity to use. Like his addict neurons wanted to make sure he remembered to use dope even though he had objectively already finished (mostly, was getting was better) withdrawal a day earlier and was sleeping and eating and felt he had a normal temperature.

It's like that for me. At home, I'm a mess. At rehab, I don't feel GREAT by any means, but I sleep (just less) and I feel tired and chilly, versus at home where my body feels like its trying too force me to use."
3341,What kind of withdrawals should I expect?,That isn’t such a terrible habit compared to other’s. Just stay hydrated and get some rest while you can and you’ll be fine. Plus the job will hopefully be interesting enough to help keep cravings at bay. Good luck
3342,That isn’t such a terrible habit compared to other’s. Just stay hydrated and get some rest while you can and you’ll be fine. Plus the job will hopefully be interesting enough to help keep cravings at bay. Good luck,"Yea that’s kinda what I was thinking and hoping. Most I do would probably be a .3 but that’s rare. Just curious as to how it works because I know when I couldn’t get pills or just didn’t take em I damn near wanted to die. After about 24-30ish hours after a line or two of H, the back and joint pains start and the chills kick in. Shortly after that the sweats come but I’ve never really pushed it past that before dosing again."
3343,What kind of withdrawals should I expect?,Hydrocodone or hydromophone? If you have the option I would never cold turkey it why put yourself through the misery if you don’t have to...Can you get suboxone? If you can look up the burnese method I’ve done it a few times and it’s a life saver
3344,Hydrocodone or hydromophone? If you have the option I would never cold turkey it why put yourself through the misery if you don’t have to...Can you get suboxone? If you can look up the burnese method I’ve done it a few times and it’s a life saver,Went from hydrocodone to oxy to h. Subs aren’t an option as I’m on probation and I’m not sure how that would work out.
3345,Went from hydrocodone to oxy to h. Subs aren’t an option as I’m on probation and I’m not sure how that would work out.,Why aren’t subs an option? For a drug test? You’re still using other drugs so I’m not understanding why you’re worried about subs and not the other shit?
3346,Why aren’t subs an option? For a drug test? You’re still using other drugs so I’m not understanding why you’re worried about subs and not the other shit?,"I think he’s saying that the subs won’t work for probation because they stay in the body for a lot longer? Like with H/pills, after about 3-7 days of no use, it’s out of the body and won’t show on a drug test, but subs can show on a drug test like a week+ after stopping. I could be wrong about that, but that’s about the only reason I could see someone saying that subs aren’t an option in this situation."
3347,Oxy + cocaine?,Don’t be greedy 🤣🤣 “UP”? or “DOWN”?pick one 😂😂
3348,Don’t be greedy 🤣🤣 “UP”? or “DOWN”?pick one 😂😂,Haha I choose down 100% even tho I am a greedy fucker according to my parents and myself lol
3349,Oxy + cocaine?,"Do the coke, use the oxy to come down smooth. Be careful and have fun."
3350,"Do the coke, use the oxy to come down smooth. Be careful and have fun.","Thanks for the tip bud, but mission failed.."
3351,Oxy + cocaine?,"Just don’t over do it with the coke and you’ll be good, if you already got an opiate tolerance"
3352,"Just don’t over do it with the coke and you’ll be good, if you already got an opiate tolerance",Thanks for the tip my friend but mission failed.. I'll just get oxy next time but all my plugs r dry :((
3353,Oxy + cocaine?,Snorting cocaine and H (or oxy) is called a Belushi. Although I feel like the cocaine overpowers the opioids.  Better to just save em for the comedown or to maintain and not get sick while ur doin the coke.
3354,Snorting cocaine and H (or oxy) is called a Belushi. Although I feel like the cocaine overpowers the opioids.  Better to just save em for the comedown or to maintain and not get sick while ur doin the coke.,"Haha Belushi? XD, Never heard that word. Thanks for the tips bud, but mission failed.."
3355,Snorting cocaine and H (or oxy) is called a Belushi. Although I feel like the cocaine overpowers the opioids.  Better to just save em for the comedown or to maintain and not get sick while ur doin the coke.,Never heard that before I know buddy was a fan but everyone just calls it a speedball
3356,Oxy + cocaine?,"Amen to that, Yea I get that a lot too hmmm. Maybe it’s because we love our drugs 🤣😂"
3357,Oxy + cocaine?,Nope
3358,Nope,Yea just tried some crap coke.. What a waste of money. Idk if real coke could be worth it tho?
3359,Oxy + cocaine?,Plan failed. This cocaine doesn't have any effect. Tried some lines without the oxy. I think I got some crap from my dealer..
3360,Plan failed. This cocaine doesn't have any effect. Tried some lines without the oxy. I think I got some crap from my dealer..,Only this coke made my upper mouth numb but nothing else? Second time trying coke btw
3361,Oxy + cocaine?,I'm on the edge of puking bc of this nasty ass coke
3362,I'm on the edge of puking bc of this nasty ass coke,"Ughhh! It should be bitter as fuck, numb up your gums, lips, throat, and get you all geeked out and zoomin around. Good stuff anyways..."
3363,"Does anyone know the Redditor who lost and arm and a leg due to dope? I found something for him. I hope it gives him some hope, cheers him up, because last time he posted, he sounded so desperate and depressed",Thanks for turning me on to this video...
3364,Thanks for turning me on to this video...,You're welcome
3365,"Does anyone know the Redditor who lost and arm and a leg due to dope? I found something for him. I hope it gives him some hope, cheers him up, because last time he posted, he sounded so desperate and depressed",I can't remember names but i believe there has been quite a few people who this happened too. So in any case good post
3366,I can't remember names but i believe there has been quite a few people who this happened too. So in any case good post,Thank you
3367,Thank you,"I just mentioned him to someone the other day as sort of a cautionary tale. He’s so young. That’s really kind of you to think of him and offer some hope. 

How are you? Do you recall us discussing that place I was involved with in the early 70s’? Haven’t seen you around in a while. I hope you’re well, not dope well, just well. Haha."
3368,"I just mentioned him to someone the other day as sort of a cautionary tale. He’s so young. That’s really kind of you to think of him and offer some hope. 

How are you? Do you recall us discussing that place I was involved with in the early 70s’? Haven’t seen you around in a while. I hope you’re well, not dope well, just well. Haha.","I do remember you and that absolutely awful place. I'm well -- hope you are, too.

And thank you for saying that it was kind of me to think of him -- that's kind of you to say!"
3369,"I do remember you and that absolutely awful place. I'm well -- hope you are, too.

And thank you for saying that it was kind of me to think of him -- that's kind of you to say!",You’re welcome John. Have you located this young man yet?  Some people were being really  mean to him. It was awful to witness.
3370,You’re welcome John. Have you located this young man yet?  Some people were being really  mean to him. It was awful to witness.,I haven't. I was hoping someone on here would.  I can't remember his name. I suck with names.
3371,I haven't. I was hoping someone on here would.  I can't remember his name. I suck with names.,I’ll start looking.
3372,I haven't. I was hoping someone on here would.  I can't remember his name. I suck with names.,"John, I have his name. Save the post. Saved both. Are you looking for the guy bent over on his legs or the younger guy?should I DM to you."
3373,"John, I have his name. Save the post. Saved both. Are you looking for the guy bent over on his legs or the younger guy?should I DM to you.",Definitely DM me. You're awesome!
3374,Definitely DM me. You're awesome!,I will DM you tomorrow. You’re awesome yourself.
3375,I will DM you tomorrow. You’re awesome yourself.,"Cool
 I was thinking of the young guy you lost an arm and a leg. This sailor also lost an arm and a leg, so I thought this would be inspiring for him, helpful, I don't know."
3376,"Does anyone know the Redditor who lost and arm and a leg due to dope? I found something for him. I hope it gives him some hope, cheers him up, because last time he posted, he sounded so desperate and depressed","Hey, u/somnusthejunkie -- I posted this for you.

https://youtu.be/eiCkCu4a37Y"
3377,"""false sense of well being"" is an UNWANTED side effect?!?",Hahahaha they should slap that warning on alcohol tbh
3378,"""false sense of well being"" is an UNWANTED side effect?!?",american puritanism
3379,"""false sense of well being"" is an UNWANTED side effect?!?","wtf are you reading lol i wanna read it.  this can be said about a lot of stuff, from a cig to a nice aged cheddar or a fat loaded rig"
3380,"wtf are you reading lol i wanna read it.  this can be said about a lot of stuff, from a cig to a nice aged cheddar or a fat loaded rig",Yeah can i never be ok
3381,"""false sense of well being"" is an UNWANTED side effect?!?","It’s bullshit of the mind that a pain reliever should  ONLY relieve pain, you shouldn’t get any beneficial side effects.

Kind of odd how they can advertise birth control but clearer skin, etc are positives. Are women really just addicted to birth control?? (No I’m not serious, but wtf)"
3382,"""false sense of well being"" is an UNWANTED side effect?!?","But... But that's one of my favorite side effects, that and pain mitigation! Makes me act like a better me, and Fuck of a lot easier to be around."
3383,Does U47700 metabolize into morphine?,U47700 is very caustic. Fuck away from that shit. It's shit.
3384,Does U47700 metabolize into morphine?,"U-47700 is basically off the market now so it's probably an analogue of U4 that would be even worse. As others said U-47700 is very caustic and destroys your veins and soon enough you'll need to dose every hour to stay well. When I was addicted to it I couldn't sleep more than 2 hours without waking up from horrible nightmares in a pool of sweat dopesick as hell. Would need to hit a fat dose to get another hour or two of sleep, it was pure hell."
3385,"U-47700 is basically off the market now so it's probably an analogue of U4 that would be even worse. As others said U-47700 is very caustic and destroys your veins and soon enough you'll need to dose every hour to stay well. When I was addicted to it I couldn't sleep more than 2 hours without waking up from horrible nightmares in a pool of sweat dopesick as hell. Would need to hit a fat dose to get another hour or two of sleep, it was pure hell.",Yup yup same here dude. It was the worst..
3386,"U-47700 is basically off the market now so it's probably an analogue of U4 that would be even worse. As others said U-47700 is very caustic and destroys your veins and soon enough you'll need to dose every hour to stay well. When I was addicted to it I couldn't sleep more than 2 hours without waking up from horrible nightmares in a pool of sweat dopesick as hell. Would need to hit a fat dose to get another hour or two of sleep, it was pure hell.",Especially the whole bleeding out of my asshole thing.
3387,Does U47700 metabolize into morphine?,"Anecdotal reports say U4 does not show on dipstick tests. I've heard Etiz does though, but will be revealed as negative with a GC/MS. No promises, but that's the info down the grapevine"
3388,Does U47700 metabolize into morphine?,[deleted]
3389,[deleted],"While i appreciate the concern, you dont know my intentions behind asking these questions."
3390,How will the future look?,"I have stage 4 cancer and I had a hard time getting my prescriptions. My oncologist agreed that I needed it, that it would help (very intense pain from a 24 cm tumor on my liver), but she would not write it...because she works for a major cancer research institute who is trying to phase out opiates. They are trying to phase out opiates for cancer patients. Let that one sink in. There are people out there in much more intense pain than me, and I'm miserable. And they are fucking trying to phase them out? When you 1st walk into the cancer institute where I go, there's pamphlets everywhere. One of them is on pain control without opiates. That's as soon as you walk in the damn door. If you're there in intense pain, and you don't really know how to talk to doctors, and then you see that… what are you going to think? Are you still going to advocate for your own pain control? I had to go to my primary care physician because she knows me well. Now that I have my prescriptions, my oncologist knows all about it and is perfectly fine with it. She just wouldn't write them herself. That is the present. I don't wanna think about the future, I am terminal and I am terrified that I'm going to be in the process of dying and not getting proper pain control"
3391,"I have stage 4 cancer and I had a hard time getting my prescriptions. My oncologist agreed that I needed it, that it would help (very intense pain from a 24 cm tumor on my liver), but she would not write it...because she works for a major cancer research institute who is trying to phase out opiates. They are trying to phase out opiates for cancer patients. Let that one sink in. There are people out there in much more intense pain than me, and I'm miserable. And they are fucking trying to phase them out? When you 1st walk into the cancer institute where I go, there's pamphlets everywhere. One of them is on pain control without opiates. That's as soon as you walk in the damn door. If you're there in intense pain, and you don't really know how to talk to doctors, and then you see that… what are you going to think? Are you still going to advocate for your own pain control? I had to go to my primary care physician because she knows me well. Now that I have my prescriptions, my oncologist knows all about it and is perfectly fine with it. She just wouldn't write them herself. That is the present. I don't wanna think about the future, I am terminal and I am terrified that I'm going to be in the process of dying and not getting proper pain control",This is horrifying.  Look up Claudia Merandi on FB. I hope she can help. And no -- this isn't sourcing. She is an activist in the pain community.
3392,This is horrifying.  Look up Claudia Merandi on FB. I hope she can help. And no -- this isn't sourcing. She is an activist in the pain community.,"Thank you for the tip. I will look into it. I'm happy that I have my primary care physician to write it for me but when things get serious I don't know that she's going to feel comfortable writing things like liquid morphine and very high doses. I know I'll end up on hospice, I'm afraid they're gonna start cutting them back too though.  That's honestly what scares me the most. Right now I'm doing OK, I'm on chemo and I don't plan on dying in the next few months or anything. But cancer is really unpredictable. Things will work for awhile and then just stop working. I am absolutely terrified of being in extraordinary pain when I pass, I want my family to be around me but I don't want them to be horrified. I watched my grandmother pass away from cancer and the end is really scary....and she had loooots of pain meds."
3393,"Thank you for the tip. I will look into it. I'm happy that I have my primary care physician to write it for me but when things get serious I don't know that she's going to feel comfortable writing things like liquid morphine and very high doses. I know I'll end up on hospice, I'm afraid they're gonna start cutting them back too though.  That's honestly what scares me the most. Right now I'm doing OK, I'm on chemo and I don't plan on dying in the next few months or anything. But cancer is really unpredictable. Things will work for awhile and then just stop working. I am absolutely terrified of being in extraordinary pain when I pass, I want my family to be around me but I don't want them to be horrified. I watched my grandmother pass away from cancer and the end is really scary....and she had loooots of pain meds.","Sending prayers your way . I admire your raw truthfulness brotha, your message humbles and motivates me to try my best to do my best 4 others .  Stay kick ass my friend,"
3394,"Sending prayers your way . I admire your raw truthfulness brotha, your message humbles and motivates me to try my best to do my best 4 others .  Stay kick ass my friend,",Thanks for the kind words! Ive got my gloves on and I will go every round i can
3395,How will the future look?,"DNM for real drugs needs, it has been this way for awhile,  you go to the doctor if you want tramadol, prescription aleve and/or zoloft lmao"
3396,"DNM for real drugs needs, it has been this way for awhile,  you go to the doctor if you want tramadol, prescription aleve and/or zoloft lmao",Dumb ass question but how do I find one?
3397,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,"If you suffer from chronic pain,yeah it is worth it! If I can relieve some of the pain I have in my body I'll take the chance, and if I od that is just an added bonus...."
3398,"If you suffer from chronic pain,yeah it is worth it! If I can relieve some of the pain I have in my body I'll take the chance, and if I od that is just an added bonus....",Sad but i feel the same. Wish you well✌
3399,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,Much more prescribed + cheaper & mixed with weed is just la la land 😁 Not as good as opiates but great feeling
3400,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,"That's the great thing about the west coast, a lot less likely to get fent in your heroin of course it still happens but no where near ad much in my experience at least."
3401,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,Go get a prescription stop getting them off the streets unless you know they got a script and even then be cautious
3402,Go get a prescription stop getting them off the streets unless you know they got a script and even then be cautious,[deleted]
3403,[deleted],I did it was turned down by several doctors it's all about finding a good doctor and having a believable story and having a certain finnese
3404,I did it was turned down by several doctors it's all about finding a good doctor and having a believable story and having a certain finnese,[deleted]
3405,[deleted],I certainly did and you can too it really takes a certain dedication
3406,I certainly did and you can too it really takes a certain dedication,[deleted]
3407,[deleted],[deleted]
3408,[deleted],[deleted]
3409,[deleted],## bruh 🙌💪💪💪🔥🔥
3410,[deleted],Maryland
3411,Maryland,[deleted]
3412,[deleted],Bro I have a question I have a huge tolerance to oxycodone 35-40mg barley feel anything do you think 5mg of oxy will show up in my pee regardless of my tolerance? And yeah pa sucks bro there so strict there
3413,Bro I have a question I have a huge tolerance to oxycodone 35-40mg barley feel anything do you think 5mg of oxy will show up in my pee regardless of my tolerance? And yeah pa sucks bro there so strict there,[deleted]
3414,[deleted],I see thanks alot I will try to get a oxy for back up this is for my pee test for my doctor to continue getting oxy not for po
3415,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,"I feel the same way, dr. wont perscribe, people with script sell them quick or dont have anymore when i have the money. So just time to get off them"
3416,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,"Only pharmacy opoids!!! Fent feels weird!! I only fall out!! Like wtf??? I itch in my sleep and duck my face up, and wake up and don’t feel high!! Duck fent.  And by that I mean dope. Cause unless you onion shipping, it’s all fentadope or fent analogue dope .. what is purple dope?? Lol be safe bro!!!!
I’m on subs for year and I skip, I don’t miss that shit at all!!!
Be safe bro!!!"
3417,Is doing opiates even really worth it anymore?,"Dude, these are the days where literally anyone with money, an address, some research using modest reading comprehension skills, some minor tech skills, a bit of market research and some patience can get high quality dope delivered to them in bulk at a good price. The slightly smarter and more patient ones will source a few samples and send them in for analysis to get exact compositions of active components and then source a large bulk order off that and be set for a long time.

You can not move from your desk and have a half pound of 60-95% diacetylmorphine at your door in as little as 48 hours in most countries and less than 24 in some.

Yeah the average ignorant user won't do this and will be subject to the garbage of the present market, but you don't have to be the average ignorant. You could even profit off them and they will thank you for it and be safer. 

I agree it's a dangerous time to buy random garbage from players of the game. It's also a time where you can game the game without leaving your fucking house if you put in some effort."
3418,life expectancy?,It depends on what you do if your shooting up dope and copping random pills off the street well then godbless you but if your prescribed oxys by a doctor you will be fine...It all depends how you do things I rather pill shop and be turned down hundred times then to trust these people out here that just want your money or at least copp of someone that has a script...
3419,life expectancy?,It's pretty bleak dude
3420,life expectancy?,"Bleak.  I posted on this a while back:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5930020/

According to this study, over an 8 year period (2006-2014), 2576 OUD patients in Los Angeles were tracked. By the end of the study, 465 patients (18%) were dead."
3421,"Bleak.  I posted on this a while back:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5930020/

According to this study, over an 8 year period (2006-2014), 2576 OUD patients in Los Angeles were tracked. By the end of the study, 465 patients (18%) were dead.","It's best not the think about it.  Luckily, when the end comes, most of us won't see it coming."
3422,life expectancy?,Shit! What's the chance of them living the rest of this year?
3423,Shit! What's the chance of them living the rest of this year?,I’d say 15% tbh.
3424,life expectancy?,You got about 8 more days.
3425,life expectancy?,"Nah, my uncle was a IV heroine addixt from before disposable syringes!! Had a 4 year break in prision. That fool is still alive 25 years older than me )I’m 41) and he is healthy!! Smoke s like a chimney and will do coke any time he can. I believe it’s about ha reduction and tolerance. Me , I get clean , relapse and OD. But as gas as healthy, that bastard won’t die. I’ll admit, jis pat illegal activities to score may catch up to him, but that’s not from heroin directly. I’ll also mention, he is old school and always gets this Mexican tan woth 0 fent ever!"
3426,"Nah, my uncle was a IV heroine addixt from before disposable syringes!! Had a 4 year break in prision. That fool is still alive 25 years older than me )I’m 41) and he is healthy!! Smoke s like a chimney and will do coke any time he can. I believe it’s about ha reduction and tolerance. Me , I get clean , relapse and OD. But as gas as healthy, that bastard won’t die. I’ll admit, jis pat illegal activities to score may catch up to him, but that’s not from heroin directly. I’ll also mention, he is old school and always gets this Mexican tan woth 0 fent ever!","A heroin**e** is a female who faces danger or adversity and displays courage. Heroin is a name for diacetylmorphine which comes from its sale as branded product by Bayer in the early 1900s.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/opiates) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
3427,"A heroin**e** is a female who faces danger or adversity and displays courage. Heroin is a name for diacetylmorphine which comes from its sale as branded product by Bayer in the early 1900s.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/opiates) if you have any questions or concerns.*","Thanks grammar nazi .. auto correct is cool, I’ll complain to Apple , but I’m sure no body would know what I meant.  Btw lol brb ttyt AF those are grammatically correct. I appreciate you being a mod , but this was a little over bored. (lol)"
3428,"Thanks grammar nazi .. auto correct is cool, I’ll complain to Apple , but I’m sure no body would know what I meant.  Btw lol brb ttyt AF those are grammatically correct. I appreciate you being a mod , but this was a little over bored. (lol)",Looooool bro it’s an “auto-mod”. Lurk moar
3429,life expectancy?,If you get clean you’re life expectancy won’t be much different than any other person in their 20s. If you keep using probably a 20 percent chance you die within a year
3430,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"I used to donate plasma at OctaPpasma all the time, and it was usually a pleasant enough experience. The only thing that I didnt like was when they were busy and I had to wait forever till it was my turn, because the actual process took about an hour too. 

They dont drug test you, but you do get a little physical when you first sign up. The first time you donate they send your blood to a lab to test for HIV and a few other things. They also check your vitals everytime and check your plasma levels before hand and if you're too low they tell you to come back the next day. Some people like to go to different places to try to get more money because they only let you donate 2 times a week. They do have you show your arms during the vital check every time and they look for track marks, so if you shoot and have marks they might turn you away. They have a little kiosk with a touch screen computer that you answer the same 20 something questions every time you go. They ask things like if you have been sick since the last visit, been out if the country, gotten a tattoo, paid for sex, live with someone that has HIV, hepatitis, things like that.

The process isnt too bad. I dont shoot up, but I dont really have a problem with the big ass needle they use. It just takes a while because they take your blood, it runs in a machine that separates the red cells from the plasma, then it sends your red cells back into your arm. It does this probably 5 or six times until the bottle is full of plasma, then there's a bag of saline that it pushes into your vein to kind of rehydrate your blood since they took all that plasma out. Like I said the process takes about an hour. Yoire sitting/laying in a comfy chair thing so you're comfortable. They have TVs and wifi. You're allowed to watch stuff and text on your phone, you just cant talk on your phone. 

The money is decent too. At the place I went to you get $75 for your first donation. After that they have a system where you get $25 on your first visit of the week and $50 on your second. Plus they always have special promotions going on. It's either an extra $20 for your 2nd donation of the week. Or they base it on your total donations for the month and you can only do 8 a month since its max 2x a week. Like an extra $25 on your 6th, $30 on your 7th, and $50 on your 8th. Its Definitely worth it of you have nothing else to do and have spare time. You're also helping to save lives and create new medicines. 

Unfortunately they dont give you cash. They give you a prepaid debit card that you have to use and keep track of because they reload the same card everytime you donate. Once the guy in the back scans your plasma bottle the money gets put in your account. It was usually on there by 30 mins after I was done. The card isnt too bad because you can get cash back with it. I would go to publix and buy a soda then get the rest of the $ in cash back since you can pick exact amounts of cash back at publix. 

Sorry for the book I just wrote. Lol. I just have some experience with it, so I figured I'd tell you how it was for me. If you have any more questions, just ask and I'll answer them if I know."
3431,"I used to donate plasma at OctaPpasma all the time, and it was usually a pleasant enough experience. The only thing that I didnt like was when they were busy and I had to wait forever till it was my turn, because the actual process took about an hour too. 

They dont drug test you, but you do get a little physical when you first sign up. The first time you donate they send your blood to a lab to test for HIV and a few other things. They also check your vitals everytime and check your plasma levels before hand and if you're too low they tell you to come back the next day. Some people like to go to different places to try to get more money because they only let you donate 2 times a week. They do have you show your arms during the vital check every time and they look for track marks, so if you shoot and have marks they might turn you away. They have a little kiosk with a touch screen computer that you answer the same 20 something questions every time you go. They ask things like if you have been sick since the last visit, been out if the country, gotten a tattoo, paid for sex, live with someone that has HIV, hepatitis, things like that.

The process isnt too bad. I dont shoot up, but I dont really have a problem with the big ass needle they use. It just takes a while because they take your blood, it runs in a machine that separates the red cells from the plasma, then it sends your red cells back into your arm. It does this probably 5 or six times until the bottle is full of plasma, then there's a bag of saline that it pushes into your vein to kind of rehydrate your blood since they took all that plasma out. Like I said the process takes about an hour. Yoire sitting/laying in a comfy chair thing so you're comfortable. They have TVs and wifi. You're allowed to watch stuff and text on your phone, you just cant talk on your phone. 

The money is decent too. At the place I went to you get $75 for your first donation. After that they have a system where you get $25 on your first visit of the week and $50 on your second. Plus they always have special promotions going on. It's either an extra $20 for your 2nd donation of the week. Or they base it on your total donations for the month and you can only do 8 a month since its max 2x a week. Like an extra $25 on your 6th, $30 on your 7th, and $50 on your 8th. Its Definitely worth it of you have nothing else to do and have spare time. You're also helping to save lives and create new medicines. 

Unfortunately they dont give you cash. They give you a prepaid debit card that you have to use and keep track of because they reload the same card everytime you donate. Once the guy in the back scans your plasma bottle the money gets put in your account. It was usually on there by 30 mins after I was done. The card isnt too bad because you can get cash back with it. I would go to publix and buy a soda then get the rest of the $ in cash back since you can pick exact amounts of cash back at publix. 

Sorry for the book I just wrote. Lol. I just have some experience with it, so I figured I'd tell you how it was for me. If you have any more questions, just ask and I'll answer them if I know.",Can u sell plasma in New York City?
3432,Can u sell plasma in New York City?,I dont see why you wouldnt be able to. Buts that's something youd need to google.
3433,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"Many times ,place I went to didn't drug test, they just check u for diseases,  expect to be there for a few hrs but can make about 70ish a week"
3434,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"They never drug tested me, but they check ur heart rate, and they check for track marks in ur elbow ditch and elbows(may be different for your place).

I mention heart rate because a few times I smiled before I came inside and they made me come back the next day because my heart rate was too high"
3435,"They never drug tested me, but they check ur heart rate, and they check for track marks in ur elbow ditch and elbows(may be different for your place).

I mention heart rate because a few times I smiled before I came inside and they made me come back the next day because my heart rate was too high",Wait.....what does smiling before u went in have to do with heart rate?
3436,Wait.....what does smiling before u went in have to do with heart rate?,"oh I’m an idiot, my phone changed smoking to smiling sorry about that"
3437,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"Would somwomne who had hep c bit took treatment and was cured be elisigble? The money would be cool, but I’ve been sick and I would mind helping if I can."
3438,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"the needle is really big. takes a long time to finally get in the chair then takes a long time to fill the bottle they need. overall its an easy 50 bucks, but I haven't felt like doing it again since the first time I did it."
3439,Any of you guys ever sold blood plasma for drug money? What was your experience,"I sold plasma for about a year, i was actively on 120mg oxy daily. The paperwork to start was a fucking hassle, they needed so much documentation. Its some kind of a government operated facility. Don't expect to go in and get started right away, itll take about 2 weeks to begin donating. Its not painful after they poke you, and they usually have pretty comfy seating. The first 3 times is good pay but then it slowly decreases to about 20$ every donation. You can only donate 2 times every 7 days. They give you a card that has your money loaded on it. Good luck!"
3440,"I sold plasma for about a year, i was actively on 120mg oxy daily. The paperwork to start was a fucking hassle, they needed so much documentation. Its some kind of a government operated facility. Don't expect to go in and get started right away, itll take about 2 weeks to begin donating. Its not painful after they poke you, and they usually have pretty comfy seating. The first 3 times is good pay but then it slowly decreases to about 20$ every donation. You can only donate 2 times every 7 days. They give you a card that has your money loaded on it. Good luck!",What state are you in?
3441,What state are you in?,SoCalifornia
3442,Found a 30mg oxy in my bathroom! But i took some kratom?,So drink a couple beers and go to sleep then rail the 30 tomorrow and enjoy it fully!  Instead of not knowing if you’re feeling it did to the Kratom already having you feel 50% of the effects already.  Don’t waste it
3443,Found a 30mg oxy in my bathroom! But i took some kratom?,Yes you will feel full effects
3444,Yes you will feel full effects,Are you sure over on the kratom page theu say waot 24 hours?
3445,Are you sure over on the kratom page theu say waot 24 hours?,I'm positive. The only reason to wait would be because you could get more fucked up than normal. Keaton works on the opiate receptors the same way as the pills do. It doesn't block anything so if you are still feeling the effects of the kratom you will get higher than normal when you do the blue so maybe do a half and see how u feel
3446,I'm positive. The only reason to wait would be because you could get more fucked up than normal. Keaton works on the opiate receptors the same way as the pills do. It doesn't block anything so if you are still feeling the effects of the kratom you will get higher than normal when you do the blue so maybe do a half and see how u feel,Well kratom is an antogonist though? Have you tried the combo? Well not really a combo i dont feel the kratom at all.
3447,Well kratom is an antogonist though? Have you tried the combo? Well not really a combo i dont feel the kratom at all.,It’s like you don’t want to believe his answer.  I have no idea why half the idiots on here even ask questions just to disagree when they don’t get the response they want.
3448,Well kratom is an antogonist though? Have you tried the combo? Well not really a combo i dont feel the kratom at all.,I've taken kratom thinking I won't get anything for the day then get a couple pills and pop em. That's the only time I nod off is mixing the two. I hating nodding though I think it's just a waste of money to fall asleep. I mean if u wanna wait wait but you will definitely feel the full effects
3449,I've taken kratom thinking I won't get anything for the day then get a couple pills and pop em. That's the only time I nod off is mixing the two. I hating nodding though I think it's just a waste of money to fall asleep. I mean if u wanna wait wait but you will definitely feel the full effects,That's the thing i dont want to wait. But dont want to waste the 30. I never get them
3450,That's the thing i dont want to wait. But dont want to waste the 30. I never get them,It will not be wasted. Kratom does not work like naloxone. It does not block other opiates from working. Use duck duck go and research it
3451,Found a 30mg oxy in my bathroom! But i took some kratom?,Your fine.  Enjoy your 30
3452,Addict or drug dependent?,"Ask them if they also deny evolution or vaccines, because mainstream science has clearly defined the difference between drug dependency and addiction for a long time now."
3453,Addict or drug dependent?,"In my opinion yes you are no different than me. I sniffed oc oxys starting in the mid 2000s then opanas then dope then iv dope. When i am going to a doctor to get a script for subs, does that somehow make me not an addict while im taking my sub script? Somehow going from buying pills and dope to paying a doctor hundreds for a script of subs or methadone would change you from an addict into just dependent by your logic?  There is no difference imom

Sure you get your dope from a pharmacy but ive met so many people that got hurt bad, got on cpp, then out of nowhere they get cut off.  What would you do if you took your last pill, went to your doctor appointment and either the place was closed with a paper on the door saying ""the doctor got arrested/shut down and sorry for the inconvenience"", or you get inside into a room and the doc comes in and says ""sorry. Heres the numbers for the local methadone clinic. Good luck"" ? 

Would you just shrug your shoulders and go home with no meds and be fine with nothing or maybe spend weeks trying to get into another cpp doctor, only to get in and he says hell give you tramadol or 3- 5mg hydrocodone per day?  Youd be sick as fuck for a week then feel like garbage with no energy for months and months without a script

The last detox i was at there was a ~40year old woman that was in a bad car crash and had full dentures from knocking her teeth out. She got oxy 30s for a long time then out of nowhere the doc gives her the numbers for methadone clinics so she ended up doin dope.

Sure opiates work for pain at first, but with longer use at the same dose, all it does is make you feel normal. Now im not trying to put oxy users down, but even with way stronger opiates like opana and heroin dope, after 20 years theres increasingly diminished effects that i could shoot 2 grams of good dope and id still get better pain relief from tylenol/motrin. My tolerance back in 2010 was 40mg opana per day sniffed and one day i was sick and my friends mom had a few bottles of perk5s unused so i took 16 of em and it didnt even stop the wds and that was a decade ago. I just cant see anyone legitimately taking ~100mg of oxycodone per day for 5-10-20+ years and still be affected by that same dose. After a few months of the same dose all it does is get you dope sick wothout it and when you take it all it does is make you feel unsick.

I guess if it makes you feel better to think youre different cause you get it from a pharmacy then go ahead and keep thinking that way, but you said you already take extra doses to feel good so just that already means you like the high from opiates and that your prescribed dose doesnt do much for you anymore.  The longer you take any opiate, the worse thats gonna ge"
3454,"In my opinion yes you are no different than me. I sniffed oc oxys starting in the mid 2000s then opanas then dope then iv dope. When i am going to a doctor to get a script for subs, does that somehow make me not an addict while im taking my sub script? Somehow going from buying pills and dope to paying a doctor hundreds for a script of subs or methadone would change you from an addict into just dependent by your logic?  There is no difference imom

Sure you get your dope from a pharmacy but ive met so many people that got hurt bad, got on cpp, then out of nowhere they get cut off.  What would you do if you took your last pill, went to your doctor appointment and either the place was closed with a paper on the door saying ""the doctor got arrested/shut down and sorry for the inconvenience"", or you get inside into a room and the doc comes in and says ""sorry. Heres the numbers for the local methadone clinic. Good luck"" ? 

Would you just shrug your shoulders and go home with no meds and be fine with nothing or maybe spend weeks trying to get into another cpp doctor, only to get in and he says hell give you tramadol or 3- 5mg hydrocodone per day?  Youd be sick as fuck for a week then feel like garbage with no energy for months and months without a script

The last detox i was at there was a ~40year old woman that was in a bad car crash and had full dentures from knocking her teeth out. She got oxy 30s for a long time then out of nowhere the doc gives her the numbers for methadone clinics so she ended up doin dope.

Sure opiates work for pain at first, but with longer use at the same dose, all it does is make you feel normal. Now im not trying to put oxy users down, but even with way stronger opiates like opana and heroin dope, after 20 years theres increasingly diminished effects that i could shoot 2 grams of good dope and id still get better pain relief from tylenol/motrin. My tolerance back in 2010 was 40mg opana per day sniffed and one day i was sick and my friends mom had a few bottles of perk5s unused so i took 16 of em and it didnt even stop the wds and that was a decade ago. I just cant see anyone legitimately taking ~100mg of oxycodone per day for 5-10-20+ years and still be affected by that same dose. After a few months of the same dose all it does is get you dope sick wothout it and when you take it all it does is make you feel unsick.

I guess if it makes you feel better to think youre different cause you get it from a pharmacy then go ahead and keep thinking that way, but you said you already take extra doses to feel good so just that already means you like the high from opiates and that your prescribed dose doesnt do much for you anymore.  The longer you take any opiate, the worse thats gonna ge","I didnt proclaim I am different than an addict...mostly that I dont view myself as one currently. I'm aware im a hop skip and jump away. 
I don't have many options anymore. People say they dont work like they should long term yet I find it bei ng one of the few that actually does help me.
Best wishes."
3455,"I didnt proclaim I am different than an addict...mostly that I dont view myself as one currently. I'm aware im a hop skip and jump away. 
I don't have many options anymore. People say they dont work like they should long term yet I find it bei ng one of the few that actually does help me.
Best wishes.","I meant no offense. That's just my opinion on the subject.  I just know that they don't do shit for pain after awhile. They actually make it worse. Your body develops a tolerance by making more opiate receptors in the Brain to handle more n more opiates, then when you don't have that same dose you now are more sensitive to pain.

Opiates change our brain. We will rationalize to make it ok to do the drug.   So basically if you take 80mg oxycontin twice a day, eventually you'll stop feeling That same 80mg dose.

  Now obviously if every day you wake up and take an 80mg oxycontin at 8am then 8pm every day, you'll wake up feeling a little bit dopesick, then take the 80oxy, youre going to feel better.  But instead of getting high you just go from sick(negative high) to feeling normal like ur basically just sober and then you would need to start taking more than 80mg to get the high.  And obviously this isnt scientific, its just a very simple explanation of how taking the same dose eventually just gets you to normal and youd then need to take over 80mg to start getting high from it"
3456,"In my opinion yes you are no different than me. I sniffed oc oxys starting in the mid 2000s then opanas then dope then iv dope. When i am going to a doctor to get a script for subs, does that somehow make me not an addict while im taking my sub script? Somehow going from buying pills and dope to paying a doctor hundreds for a script of subs or methadone would change you from an addict into just dependent by your logic?  There is no difference imom

Sure you get your dope from a pharmacy but ive met so many people that got hurt bad, got on cpp, then out of nowhere they get cut off.  What would you do if you took your last pill, went to your doctor appointment and either the place was closed with a paper on the door saying ""the doctor got arrested/shut down and sorry for the inconvenience"", or you get inside into a room and the doc comes in and says ""sorry. Heres the numbers for the local methadone clinic. Good luck"" ? 

Would you just shrug your shoulders and go home with no meds and be fine with nothing or maybe spend weeks trying to get into another cpp doctor, only to get in and he says hell give you tramadol or 3- 5mg hydrocodone per day?  Youd be sick as fuck for a week then feel like garbage with no energy for months and months without a script

The last detox i was at there was a ~40year old woman that was in a bad car crash and had full dentures from knocking her teeth out. She got oxy 30s for a long time then out of nowhere the doc gives her the numbers for methadone clinics so she ended up doin dope.

Sure opiates work for pain at first, but with longer use at the same dose, all it does is make you feel normal. Now im not trying to put oxy users down, but even with way stronger opiates like opana and heroin dope, after 20 years theres increasingly diminished effects that i could shoot 2 grams of good dope and id still get better pain relief from tylenol/motrin. My tolerance back in 2010 was 40mg opana per day sniffed and one day i was sick and my friends mom had a few bottles of perk5s unused so i took 16 of em and it didnt even stop the wds and that was a decade ago. I just cant see anyone legitimately taking ~100mg of oxycodone per day for 5-10-20+ years and still be affected by that same dose. After a few months of the same dose all it does is get you dope sick wothout it and when you take it all it does is make you feel unsick.

I guess if it makes you feel better to think youre different cause you get it from a pharmacy then go ahead and keep thinking that way, but you said you already take extra doses to feel good so just that already means you like the high from opiates and that your prescribed dose doesnt do much for you anymore.  The longer you take any opiate, the worse thats gonna ge","Truth. I absolutely worry about if I was to get cut off. In every single way. I've been in pain management for years now about 8 years.. I guess because it's a normal part of my daily life I don't put thought into it these days. I absolutely feel like they dont work as well for pain but I am moderate in my usage. Thank you. It isnt because in trying to get high that I take extra, it's because I have days i can hardly care for myself due to pain. Those days i say fuck it and hope for a better day ahead. The meds arent my only form of pain management but just about the only one I find effective. Its frustrating but when you're choosing life through a medication that does help you find yourself more thankful than anything. Cheers."
3457,Addict or drug dependent?,"I'm kind of in the same position as you. I'm definitely dependent, but I never run out early. I usually have a few left over at the end of the month and I save them up. I have cancer, I have a lot of pain. Yet I still have family members and friends trying to get me to try different pain treatments. Like I haven't already tried everything anyway. I can't take Tylenol because my cancer has spread to my liver. So I have less options because of that, the chemo also has caused me to get some major stomach problems (ridiculous GERD) and ibuprofen starts me vomiting immediately. I can hold down the oxy with my zofran. Yet they're still giving me a hard time.  But, fuck them! I absolutely refuse to spend the last months to years of my life in excruciating pain and i am done explaining myself. When my mlm brings it up I just give her ""the look"" and she drops it lol"
3458,"I'm kind of in the same position as you. I'm definitely dependent, but I never run out early. I usually have a few left over at the end of the month and I save them up. I have cancer, I have a lot of pain. Yet I still have family members and friends trying to get me to try different pain treatments. Like I haven't already tried everything anyway. I can't take Tylenol because my cancer has spread to my liver. So I have less options because of that, the chemo also has caused me to get some major stomach problems (ridiculous GERD) and ibuprofen starts me vomiting immediately. I can hold down the oxy with my zofran. Yet they're still giving me a hard time.  But, fuck them! I absolutely refuse to spend the last months to years of my life in excruciating pain and i am done explaining myself. When my mlm brings it up I just give her ""the look"" and she drops it lol","I'm sorry to hear these things. I have never ran out early, even if I did my doctor is quite graceful with me. I think that patient/doctor relationship is really important. I can tell that dude anything. 
Cancer sucks. I hope you find moments of peace an happiness to enjoy life."
3459,"I'm kind of in the same position as you. I'm definitely dependent, but I never run out early. I usually have a few left over at the end of the month and I save them up. I have cancer, I have a lot of pain. Yet I still have family members and friends trying to get me to try different pain treatments. Like I haven't already tried everything anyway. I can't take Tylenol because my cancer has spread to my liver. So I have less options because of that, the chemo also has caused me to get some major stomach problems (ridiculous GERD) and ibuprofen starts me vomiting immediately. I can hold down the oxy with my zofran. Yet they're still giving me a hard time.  But, fuck them! I absolutely refuse to spend the last months to years of my life in excruciating pain and i am done explaining myself. When my mlm brings it up I just give her ""the look"" and she drops it lol","I am a cancer survivor as well ( strong radiation and chemo for 3 months 5 days a week )
Side effects are not pleasant , but price of admission as my oncologist says!!!
You are taking Medicine Not DRUGS !!!! WTF is wrong with people.
More than 1/2 the world is addicted to Alcohol or other legal items , food , Sex , Money, shopping , Power!!! People please give it a guckin brake  !!!"
3460,"I'm kind of in the same position as you. I'm definitely dependent, but I never run out early. I usually have a few left over at the end of the month and I save them up. I have cancer, I have a lot of pain. Yet I still have family members and friends trying to get me to try different pain treatments. Like I haven't already tried everything anyway. I can't take Tylenol because my cancer has spread to my liver. So I have less options because of that, the chemo also has caused me to get some major stomach problems (ridiculous GERD) and ibuprofen starts me vomiting immediately. I can hold down the oxy with my zofran. Yet they're still giving me a hard time.  But, fuck them! I absolutely refuse to spend the last months to years of my life in excruciating pain and i am done explaining myself. When my mlm brings it up I just give her ""the look"" and she drops it lol",Have you tried boofing? It's practically IV  and bypasses your stomach lol
3461,Addict or drug dependent?,I have crohns disease and have been in pain mgmt for 7-8 years.   I know I am 100% addicted to my meds.  I hate that word but it's true. If I didnt have my pills I would have do whatever I could to get more.  Hence the addiction.   I dont ever do anything illegal but I'm terrified that I would if i needed to
3462,I have crohns disease and have been in pain mgmt for 7-8 years.   I know I am 100% addicted to my meds.  I hate that word but it's true. If I didnt have my pills I would have do whatever I could to get more.  Hence the addiction.   I dont ever do anything illegal but I'm terrified that I would if i needed to,"I havent put much thought into what I would do I guess. If I got cut off...
I cant seen any doctor cutting me off unless I was found abusing them or doing other drugs. Especially with them knowing theres a surgery available that could get me off these meds. my insurance wont cover it so this is what I'm left with. 
Poor me. I said that wit
I guess what's frustrating to me is my family accusing me of being a drug addict for something I didnt ask for. For something that I believe improves my quality of life and it does. 100% more effective than anything else. 
You're right  I am addicted. Itbsucks but fuck."
3463,Addict or drug dependent?,"I don't know all the factors in your case and I would recommend talking with your doctor and have a face to face conversation with a trained substance use therapist. I say this because there are many many discrepancies and individualistic features when it comes to pain management. What I can comment on is how several clients of mine escalated from using their prescribed medications to buying prescriptions illegally or even street drugs. I also work with clients who are on pain management regiments and focus on helping them manage their pain, depression, anxiety, and cravings to maintain a quality of life. Please keep this in mind as well, opiates decrease our tolerance for pain. Meaning, when we take opiates for a long period of time, what may have been a 5 on a pain scale before the opiates could feel like a 9 while having been on opiates for some time. Again, I would recommend talking with your prescribing doctor and a licensed therapist to discuss your goals, barriers, and needs in greater detail. I hope this helps."
3464,"I don't know all the factors in your case and I would recommend talking with your doctor and have a face to face conversation with a trained substance use therapist. I say this because there are many many discrepancies and individualistic features when it comes to pain management. What I can comment on is how several clients of mine escalated from using their prescribed medications to buying prescriptions illegally or even street drugs. I also work with clients who are on pain management regiments and focus on helping them manage their pain, depression, anxiety, and cravings to maintain a quality of life. Please keep this in mind as well, opiates decrease our tolerance for pain. Meaning, when we take opiates for a long period of time, what may have been a 5 on a pain scale before the opiates could feel like a 9 while having been on opiates for some time. Again, I would recommend talking with your prescribing doctor and a licensed therapist to discuss your goals, barriers, and needs in greater detail. I hope this helps.","I have been seeing a therapist that specializes in drug dependency.  I found myself in a pretty dark place recently. He helped me figure out that I'm just doing what I need to for now. It's not supposed to be a long term plan although I view it as one.  Thanks for such a great response. 
Theres a lot of factors going into this and I was well aware of the dependency aspect when I started my pain relief journey. Trying to figure out if I regret it at this point. If I'm fucking myself in the long run by taking these strong meds now that i MAY need more later in life . Going with the flow cuz that's all i can do."
3465,Addict or drug dependent?,"I have been on the same opiate for years now , with good results. Not sure what the tolerance issue is? I do mix up Norco, Oxy , aliVe , Tylenol . Aspirin over the course of week. But the opioids do manage pain?"
3466,"I have been on the same opiate for years now , with good results. Not sure what the tolerance issue is? I do mix up Norco, Oxy , aliVe , Tylenol . Aspirin over the course of week. But the opioids do manage pain?","I'm with you, I do other things to keep pain at bay(chiropractor, massage, stretching) but at the end of the say the medication takes the cake. It helps the most 🤷‍♀️"
3467,Feasibility or switching to Methadone for a very short period of time to induct suboxone?,"This is something to ask a doctor about. You might be surprised how much dangerous misinformation is thrown around on forums like this. Someone tells you the wrong thing and you follow it, you could end up so sick you wish you were dead. Especially when dealing with methadone. It might be expensive to see the doc but it'll cheaper in the long run compared to how much you've probably spent on your habit already and will spend in the future if you don't stop."
3468,Feasibility or switching to Methadone for a very short period of time to induct suboxone?,"You gotta get down to 40 mg and wait at least 48 hrs to switch from done to subs... Much easier to switch from subs to done...  I had a tough time when I got on done but u was using shit tons of fent blues and dilly/h if dilly not available each day, but for me done was the best choice"
3469,Feasibility or switching to Methadone for a very short period of time to induct suboxone?,"Dude methadone is the worst opiate to switch onto subs from. You need like 5-10 days off methadone to take subs and even then most people have horror stories.

I have also been getting pwds up to 80 hours clean the past 4-5 years. I gave up trying subs after like 20 times getting pwds 

You want to get a short acting opiate like oxy then take it a week then take subs."
3470,Feasibility or switching to Methadone for a very short period of time to induct suboxone?,"Methadone lingers in the system. Precipitated withdrawal scared me so hard when I was using. Be careful and conscious of whatever you choose to do.

&#x200B;

Good luck friend"
3471,Feasibility or switching to Methadone for a very short period of time to induct suboxone?,"Yes, but the methadone needs to be dosed correctly, it's called a ""bridge..."" pm me"
3472,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,because the vast majority of them outside of people who post on reddit are giant pieces of shit and make up a huge percentage of property crime.
3473,because the vast majority of them outside of people who post on reddit are giant pieces of shit and make up a huge percentage of property crime.,Probably. Lot of bad stigma out there
3474,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"Because of years of prohibition mentality and idiots who put ""shoot your local heroin dealer"" stickers in their car"
3475,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"People don't want to take the time to get to really know someone or understand why they've made the choices they've made. It's easier to put users all under a blanket and call them stupid and/or worthless because it's easier than trying to understand, or makes them feel better about themselves, or both. 

For example, I was having a conversation with this girl and she was going on about how ""I don't know how people get addicted to pills, I was prescribed percs after my wisdom teeth removal and I didn't get addicted!"" ""addiction's not a disease, cancer is a disease!"" pretty much had no clue what she was talking about, and I asked her if she ever tried heroin and just ""No, I'm not stupid!"" in a way that gave off the overwhelming vibe that she was calling ME stupid without actually saying it. She knew nothing about me. So I think a lot of it is just ignorance and an unwillingness to learn anything new or hear people's experiences."
3476,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,Jealousy
3477,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,anyone iv talked about it with agrees meth users are worse than heroin heroin users who at their worst are usually rude thieves and ice fiends are always on the edge of a full meltdown if not violence
3478,anyone iv talked about it with agrees meth users are worse than heroin heroin users who at their worst are usually rude thieves and ice fiends are always on the edge of a full meltdown if not violence,Yea I know a dude who just fucking shot a woman he didn't know in the face bc of meth induced psychosis. I've never heard of anyone doing anything like that due to heroin. Any violent heroin addict I've ever known was just a violent person regardless of the heroin.
3479,anyone iv talked about it with agrees meth users are worse than heroin heroin users who at their worst are usually rude thieves and ice fiends are always on the edge of a full meltdown if not violence,So true. I can never relax around a meth head that abuses meth
3480,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"The large amount of negative stigma attached to it, same with Methamphetamine and crack cocaine, PCP, synthetic cannabinoids or just really any drug with a ton of negative media attention. 

Oh I almost forgot, A-PVP (flakka) is another good one that has a negative stigma attached to it."
3481,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"People tend to make drug use a moral issue. Is it a moral failing or moral flaw when you have a drink after a long day at work? People used to view people who smoked weed as lazy, unmotivated, immature etc then as it became legalized you saw more positive examples. If we saw more examples of functional addicts who maintain jobs, pay bills, don't steal maybe people would view us as more than just a caricture. 

They also really like to feel better than someone so there's the, ""at least I'm not an addict"" side of it."
3482,"People tend to make drug use a moral issue. Is it a moral failing or moral flaw when you have a drink after a long day at work? People used to view people who smoked weed as lazy, unmotivated, immature etc then as it became legalized you saw more positive examples. If we saw more examples of functional addicts who maintain jobs, pay bills, don't steal maybe people would view us as more than just a caricture. 

They also really like to feel better than someone so there's the, ""at least I'm not an addict"" side of it.","We have this kind of false image of society if you live in an urban area or watch too much TV, go out among average people and get to know them and there is lots of nasty hate right below the surface, people just hide it in everyday life to not get fired or evicted etc.

I tend to be non-judgemental and easy to talk to, normal people will confess shit to me thats cray cray. Drug addicts should be killed by the government, homeless should be euthanized, all kinds of crazy.

Duerte in the Philippines is popular with the public! And he has admitted loving fentanyl patches and in the same breath says kill drug dealers and addicts!"
3483,"We have this kind of false image of society if you live in an urban area or watch too much TV, go out among average people and get to know them and there is lots of nasty hate right below the surface, people just hide it in everyday life to not get fired or evicted etc.

I tend to be non-judgemental and easy to talk to, normal people will confess shit to me thats cray cray. Drug addicts should be killed by the government, homeless should be euthanized, all kinds of crazy.

Duerte in the Philippines is popular with the public! And he has admitted loving fentanyl patches and in the same breath says kill drug dealers and addicts!",Cognitive dissonance seems like a natural way for humans to cope.
3484,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,propaganda + capitalism
3485,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,Our society is brainwashed into thinking this stuff isn’t medicine
3486,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"ignorance, acting as there shit don't stink"
3487,Why do people hate addicts or heroin users?,"Maybe they've been screwed over personally by one? Like been stolen from or lied to, etc"
3488,"10 Overdose Deaths in 26 Hours in One County?! Thanks for nothing, War on Drugs!","All it takes is one bad batch and people begin dropping like flies. You can blame China for it tho. No other country in the world seems to have a fentanyl problem except the US. And all the fentanyl was strategically supplied to American drug suppliers by the Chinese government. This is more than just addicts overdosing, it’s literally political bs that started hundreds of years ago."
3489,"All it takes is one bad batch and people begin dropping like flies. You can blame China for it tho. No other country in the world seems to have a fentanyl problem except the US. And all the fentanyl was strategically supplied to American drug suppliers by the Chinese government. This is more than just addicts overdosing, it’s literally political bs that started hundreds of years ago.",Getting back at the West for the opium wars! Slow burn karma!
3490,"10 Overdose Deaths in 26 Hours in One County?! Thanks for nothing, War on Drugs!",Ohio always gets da fire smh
3491,"10 Overdose Deaths in 26 Hours in One County?! Thanks for nothing, War on Drugs!",Those are rookie numbers.
3492,Those are rookie numbers.,"I appreciate dark humor, but 10 people dying of an overdose in basically one day in a county in freaking Ohio -- I can't joke about that."
3493,Spitting out saliva after letting suboxone dissolve FOR AROUND 30 mins compared to swallowing? GO!?,Why risk wasting?  Placebo gonna make you think there's a difference even if there's not.
3494,Why risk wasting?  Placebo gonna make you think there's a difference even if there's not.,I agree
3495,Spitting out saliva after letting suboxone dissolve FOR AROUND 30 mins compared to swallowing? GO!?,Just swallow. There's a good gal lol
3496,Spitting out saliva after letting suboxone dissolve FOR AROUND 30 mins compared to swallowing? GO!?,My buddy goes to a sub doctor and his dr told him to do this same method. The doc said for whatever reason this is the best method. And he’s been a sub doctor for quite a while.
3497,Spitting out saliva after letting suboxone dissolve FOR AROUND 30 mins compared to swallowing? GO!?,"You want an actual difference in effectiveness via buccal/sublingual RoA? Then you, dear sir or miss, need to take it with a wee bit of ethanol. Seriously. A little ethanol, of your choice, improved rate and effeciency of of bupe absorbtion. 

Use your ethanol of preference, stronger is good, but too strong or too much will cause chemical Burns and be counterproductive because of increased saliva production response resulting in dilution.

Me? I find 55% ABV gin diluted to about half that with water works well, but it's individual.

It makes a significant difference. Not talking placebo either. There is literature easily dug up.

Don't spit. Be a man and savor that bupe with some proper liquor."
3498,Tolerance reset?,"Your tolerance doesn’t increase after your first EVER dose of an opiate/opioid. Up and down regulation plus other factors are the key.

You will get pretty much the same effect from the same dosage (same ROA of course) every day this week."
3499,Tolerance reset?,"Well, my suggestion is 5 days so opioid receptors regulate to normality, but anything over 3 days is noticeable."
3500,Tolerance reset?,"If you truly have zero tolerance, 20 mg will give you a great high tomorrow."
3501,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,Yes it can and yes you should. You don't want a impacted bowel. It's not fun for anyone in that situation
3502,Yes it can and yes you should. You don't want a impacted bowel. It's not fun for anyone in that situation,^
3503,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,My aunt was on like 120mg of oxy a day and dilaudid on top of that and her bowels ruptured and she died
3504,My aunt was on like 120mg of oxy a day and dilaudid on top of that and her bowels ruptured and she died,Jesus that escalated fast as fuck
3505,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,"Yes, it can be very dangerous. I’ve  to get an impaction dug out by a dr. once when I had gone a really long time without shitting. Not fun. Had to put me under and everything. He was not a happy camper. After that I would usually use laxatives or enemas before it got so bad. I preferred the enema because it was super quick."
3506,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,Yes the use of an OTC stool softener can be helpful
3507,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,"There was a post here a while
Back of a junkie that died but after they died they cut out a 22 pound colon from the person."
3508,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,Well I feel blessed I dont get constipation from my pain meds. I hear colace works well.
3509,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,Stool softeners & fiber.. be heavy handed with them
3510,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,"Use an enema to get the weeks worth of shit out of you, then start taking magnesium nightly (400+ mg).. I’m a female and take 200 but men need alittle more.

I never have problems any more since doing this.."
3511,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,Anyone that takes opiates on any consistent basis should be taking senna or magnesium citrate along with it to help prevent this from occurring.
3512,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,"Senna works great! Also try a vix suppository... insert it right before bed, and sleep with it in you all night. I promise you’ll get that first hard one out easily in the morning."
3513,"Senna works great! Also try a vix suppository... insert it right before bed, and sleep with it in you all night. I promise you’ll get that first hard one out easily in the morning.","Wasn't available hete, but I found some similar otc drug. I woke up at 7 and spent half an hour in the toilet. That relieve is insane, downside is I'm having unexpected diarrhea now"
3514,"Wasn't available hete, but I found some similar otc drug. I woke up at 7 and spent half an hour in the toilet. That relieve is insane, downside is I'm having unexpected diarrhea now","Did you try the suppository as well? Idk about you took in particular, but senna only gives you diarrhea for like an hour, part of the reason why I’m such a huge fan as opposed to laxatives that could have you running to the bathroom for a few hours. Glad you had some relief!"
3515,"Did you try the suppository as well? Idk about you took in particular, but senna only gives you diarrhea for like an hour, part of the reason why I’m such a huge fan as opposed to laxatives that could have you running to the bathroom for a few hours. Glad you had some relief!","The laxative I tried is called bisacodyl. Took 15mg instead of recommended 5-10mg. That could explain my bad reaction. I still rather have diarrhea instead of constipation lol

I searched for the suppository and nothing turned up, so I haven't

And thank you for the help mate"
3516,Can opioid induced constipation be dangerous?,😂😂😂
3517,Oxynorm expired?,"Totally safe. Expiration dates are really arbitrary.  If they were exposed to heat or something they might lose some effectiveness,  but still safe"
3518,"Totally safe. Expiration dates are really arbitrary.  If they were exposed to heat or something they might lose some effectiveness,  but still safe",I think 35 mg is kinda high if you have a low tolerance.
3519,"Totally safe. Expiration dates are really arbitrary.  If they were exposed to heat or something they might lose some effectiveness,  but still safe","And what about the dose? I know this gets asked here A LOT, but usually about oxycontin not the fast acting oxynorm. I have 0 tolerance and three OC 10's, even when taken in intervals, had me pretty cozy (chewed them) 170lbs"
3520,"And what about the dose? I know this gets asked here A LOT, but usually about oxycontin not the fast acting oxynorm. I have 0 tolerance and three OC 10's, even when taken in intervals, had me pretty cozy (chewed them) 170lbs","Tolerance is way more important than weight.  15 to 20 mg is a decent starting dose (but if 10 had you good i would start there). Remember you can always take more,  but not less. And be sure not to mix with any other respiratory depressants"
3521,Oxynorm expired?,"Oxynorm/Shortec/among others are all the same line.

Yeah spread em out a little, but as others said, arbitrary and precautionary at best 👍"
3522,"Oxynorm/Shortec/among others are all the same line.

Yeah spread em out a little, but as others said, arbitrary and precautionary at best 👍",Is the effect better if I take first a 10mg and wait maybe 15 minutes and the take 5mg? Or should I just take the whole 35mg at once so that I wont waste them?
3523,Is the effect better if I take first a 10mg and wait maybe 15 minutes and the take 5mg? Or should I just take the whole 35mg at once so that I wont waste them?,Depends on your tolerance mate. If low Savour them if you have limited access. I would make 3 lines pre wet my nasal membranes and go 30mins part
3524,Is the effect better if I take first a 10mg and wait maybe 15 minutes and the take 5mg? Or should I just take the whole 35mg at once so that I wont waste them?,Depends on your tolerance mate. If low Savour them if you have limited access. I would make 3 lines pre wet my nasal membranes and go 30mins part
3525,Depends on your tolerance mate. If low Savour them if you have limited access. I would make 3 lines pre wet my nasal membranes and go 30mins part,What does pre wetting your nasal membranes do?
3526,Oxynorm expired?,They are two coloured capsules yes?
3527,They are two coloured capsules yes?,"Yes, 5's and 10's"
3528,Oxynorm expired?,"I find it helps absorption and also prevents it being sucked through to your throat. A “velcro” for the powder so to speak.

I use saline in an oral syringe or spray bottle. How can I add a pic?"
3529,"Hydrocodone/apap elixir syrup, has alcohol in it. How to extract it?",Probably not. Why would you need to do that?
3530,Probably not. Why would you need to do that?,"I just want to take large amounts of the hydrocodone without the alcohol and apap

Edit: or just take 20mg of hydrocodone even with the alcohol that’s ok?"
3531,"I just want to take large amounts of the hydrocodone without the alcohol and apap

Edit: or just take 20mg of hydrocodone even with the alcohol that’s ok?","Do you know the % of alcohol by volume? Most syrups/oral solutions have a low % of alcohol. You can sip it without worrying about it. Calculate how much apap you’re ingesting and keep it under 3,000mg a day"
3532,"Do you know the % of alcohol by volume? Most syrups/oral solutions have a low % of alcohol. You can sip it without worrying about it. Calculate how much apap you’re ingesting and keep it under 3,000mg a day",There is 7% alcohol and all it says is 120 ml for the whole bottle.
3533,There is 7% alcohol and all it says is 120 ml for the whole bottle.,7% is standard in traditional Lean. It’ll potentiate the hydros. It doesn’t say how much apap/ml?
3534,7% is standard in traditional Lean. It’ll potentiate the hydros. It doesn’t say how much apap/ml?,No but what I can gather online is it’s 7.5 hydro 500 apap.
3535,There is 7% alcohol and all it says is 120 ml for the whole bottle.,That's equivalent to like half a beer worth of alcohol. Doubt you'd feel the alcohol at all. There is no way to extract apap or anything for that matter from a oral liquid at home. I'm sure if you had some sort of lab it would be possible though.
3536,"Hydrocodone/apap elixir syrup, has alcohol in it. How to extract it?",Per ml or per 5ml? Kinda lame that there’s not more details
3537,Per ml or per 5ml? Kinda lame that there’s not more details,I think it’s per 15ml
3538,I think it’s per 15ml,"Yeah bro just pour a couple lines you’ll be fine, don’t make a habit out of taking that much apap but you could kill the whole bottle without the apap hurting you. Happy nods bro"
3539,What’s your favorite opiate?,"1. Opana
2. Heroin
3. Dilaudid"
3540,What’s your favorite opiate?,Fentanyl
3541,Fentanyl,Lucky for you there’s plenty of it in everything!
3542,What’s your favorite opiate?,Heroin
3543,What’s your favorite opiate?,Heroin
3544,What’s your favorite opiate?,Oxycodone always
3545,Oxycodone always,Which pill?
3546,Which pill?,A 215 Roxys were the best
3547,Which pill?,I truly don’t have a preference
3548,What’s your favorite opiate?,"Real Heroin, dilaudid and opana are the top 3. Dilaudid for the best rush, Opana for the best high and legs, and good H for the best of both worlds..."
3549,"Real Heroin, dilaudid and opana are the top 3. Dilaudid for the best rush, Opana for the best high and legs, and good H for the best of both worlds...",Oxy and hydro in a single shot is fucking great as well.
3550,Oxy and hydro in a single shot is fucking great as well.,"I bet! And if I ever have the chance, I'll be sure to try it. Say like 8mg dilly and 20mg opana sounds nice! Odds are I wont be able to find both at the same time, and unlikely that I would be able to save one until I came across the other!"
3551,"I bet! And if I ever have the chance, I'll be sure to try it. Say like 8mg dilly and 20mg opana sounds nice! Odds are I wont be able to find both at the same time, and unlikely that I would be able to save one until I came across the other!","Pretty much. Only ever seen one in the wild but that’s what the onion fields are for haha. That’s the only way I’ve ever seen both, but worth it."
3552,Oxy and hydro in a single shot is fucking great as well.,Hydro as in hydromorphone?
3553,Hydro as in hydromorphone?,Yes. Oxymorphone and hydromorphone in a single shot.
3554,What’s your favorite opiate?,"1. Liquid morphine
2. Black tar 
3. Roxies"
3555,What’s your favorite opiate?,Oxymorphone is GOAT Dilaudid then Roxy tho sometimes I would prefer Roxy and there will always be a special place in my heart for lean
3556,What’s your favorite opiate?,"1. Longtec OC40’s (Oxycodone)
2. Palladone 8mg (Hydromorphone)
3. Miscellaneous."
3557,What’s your favorite opiate?,"Anyone ever try diacytloxymorphone? Someone mentioned on here once that they were able to synth a small batch. Suppose to be like oxymorphone, but the added difference that is equivalent to what heroin is to morphine. Sounds like that might be the true holy grail."
3558,What’s your favorite opiate?,Oxy every time
3559,What’s your favorite opiate?,Oxymorphone
3560,What’s your favorite opiate?,Pink 10s or Dilaudid(just don’t swallow them) I learned that the hard way
3561,What’s your favorite opiate?,Percocet and Roxie’s
3562,Percocet and Roxie’s,This is the right answer.
3563,This is the right answer.,Not when dilaudid and opana are the right answers...
3564,Oxy and energy drinks?,"If you dont want a nod, sure take an energy drink. Personally oxy is stimulating enough by itself imo"
3565,Oxy and energy drinks?,My husband and I almost always cop red bull when we binge oxy. I swear the green red bull almost makes me feel buzzed by itself the association is so strong.
3566,Best route of administration for oxy?,Oral has the highest BA
3567,Oral has the highest BA,Oral: up to 90% - Nasal: around 50%
3568,Best route of administration for oxy?,Oral
3569,Best route of administration for oxy?,"Depending on your tolerance.  I personally would take 75% of my “feel great but not fucked up dose” orally on an empty stomach, eat somethin ~5/min after dosing, and the second I start to feel it id snort the remaining 25%.  

***this next part is optional, may get u too smashed of course lol.  Know your limits.* >> 

And 20min after all of this I’d perhaps do a 10-15% bump (percentages all refer to your “good good zone” mg level as referenced above)  

I hope you’re failing as hard as I am to hold your eyelids open and not smile 🤤🥴


   ♓️🅰️🅿️🅿️✌🏽   NOD💤   👨‍👩‍👧‍👦
             ....AKA 👉🏽          ...        happy                 nods      fam 


...if ur an idiot :) 

I still love you ❤️

Sleep safe stay well be happy."
3570,Best route of administration for oxy?,Always eat your oxy and snort your opana ;)
3571,Best route of administration for oxy?,Sniff
3572,Sniff,"Yeah this what I thought, and does straight oxy look slightly glassy? Because this does"
3573,NA expectations?,"Na is great for someone who really wants to quit and is very serious about it you can find people who are in the same boat as you and find friends who well talk to you and give you advice. You can also get a sponsor what does a great program for people who are trying to get sober. Some people don't find it to be helpful for them and some do, it's just all about finding what works for you, it can't hurt to try it right?"
3574,"Na is great for someone who really wants to quit and is very serious about it you can find people who are in the same boat as you and find friends who well talk to you and give you advice. You can also get a sponsor what does a great program for people who are trying to get sober. Some people don't find it to be helpful for them and some do, it's just all about finding what works for you, it can't hurt to try it right?",I do really think it's worth giving a try. At least to see if it's something I can benefit from. The meetings at the one I've been looking at are about an hour and a half  according to the website. I just can't imagine what they do for that length of time? Also do you usually have to speak? I'm usually more introverted and would just prefer to listen at least the first couple times.
3575,I do really think it's worth giving a try. At least to see if it's something I can benefit from. The meetings at the one I've been looking at are about an hour and a half  according to the website. I just can't imagine what they do for that length of time? Also do you usually have to speak? I'm usually more introverted and would just prefer to listen at least the first couple times.,"1.5 hour meetings are very rare unless it's a speaker meeting which is more of an event where everyone comes to watch just 1 person speak and share their story, it's not run like a regular meeting

Generally meetings are 1 hour or 1 hour 15 mins and usually the first 15 mins are doing the readings and handing out coins for clean time anniversaries, etc and the rest of the time is going around the room with each person sharing anywhere from 1 min to 5 mins. It goes by pretty fast for the most part

You are not required to share, ever and you aren't expected to, especially if you are new. If they call on you or ask if you want to share, it's perfectly acceptable to just say ""I'm new here and would just like to listen tonight, thanks"". I'm introverted and hate speaking and I'd pass all the time, it's no big deal.

One last thing, both AA/NA are great, and if you don't care for your first meeting, don't judge it based off that one meeting. Every single meeting is different and I've been to hundreds of different types of meetings with some very different than the others. A lot of factors go into making a meeting what it is, so ""shop around"" and try a bunch of different meetings until you find one that you really vibe with. 

I'd recommend trying some AA meetings as well, even if you are mainly a drug addict and didn't drink. I personally went to AA mainly even though I literally never drank and was a hardcore IV heroin addict for many years. I personally find that AA meetings have more of what I am looking for and NA meetings can sometimes be full of people who just want to talk about who's the biggest baddest junkie. There are great NA meetings out there as well too though.

Good luck buddy and congrats on the clean time. I'm currently kicking dope and right behind you!"
3576,"1.5 hour meetings are very rare unless it's a speaker meeting which is more of an event where everyone comes to watch just 1 person speak and share their story, it's not run like a regular meeting

Generally meetings are 1 hour or 1 hour 15 mins and usually the first 15 mins are doing the readings and handing out coins for clean time anniversaries, etc and the rest of the time is going around the room with each person sharing anywhere from 1 min to 5 mins. It goes by pretty fast for the most part

You are not required to share, ever and you aren't expected to, especially if you are new. If they call on you or ask if you want to share, it's perfectly acceptable to just say ""I'm new here and would just like to listen tonight, thanks"". I'm introverted and hate speaking and I'd pass all the time, it's no big deal.

One last thing, both AA/NA are great, and if you don't care for your first meeting, don't judge it based off that one meeting. Every single meeting is different and I've been to hundreds of different types of meetings with some very different than the others. A lot of factors go into making a meeting what it is, so ""shop around"" and try a bunch of different meetings until you find one that you really vibe with. 

I'd recommend trying some AA meetings as well, even if you are mainly a drug addict and didn't drink. I personally went to AA mainly even though I literally never drank and was a hardcore IV heroin addict for many years. I personally find that AA meetings have more of what I am looking for and NA meetings can sometimes be full of people who just want to talk about who's the biggest baddest junkie. There are great NA meetings out there as well too though.

Good luck buddy and congrats on the clean time. I'm currently kicking dope and right behind you!","Thanks for the info! That honestly helped a lot. And thanks, these last few weeks have taken more will power than I thought I had. But I'm feeling good! Good luck on your kick too!"
3577,I do really think it's worth giving a try. At least to see if it's something I can benefit from. The meetings at the one I've been looking at are about an hour and a half  according to the website. I just can't imagine what they do for that length of time? Also do you usually have to speak? I'm usually more introverted and would just prefer to listen at least the first couple times.,The NA meetings around me are all 1.5 hours long. I don’t know if that’s just how NA rolls here or that’s common but I’m not surprised that the one you looked at is over an hour.
3578,I do really think it's worth giving a try. At least to see if it's something I can benefit from. The meetings at the one I've been looking at are about an hour and a half  according to the website. I just can't imagine what they do for that length of time? Also do you usually have to speak? I'm usually more introverted and would just prefer to listen at least the first couple times.,I wouldn't imagine that you have to speak if you didn't want to everyone is a little timid at first. I used to go to AA classes and I never wanted to talk because I didn't think I had a problem but once I realized I did I've started participating more.
3579,NA expectations?,"NA sucks and is typically full of wiggers (at least around me). I'd recommend AA, a good half of the people in AA in my area are just regular drug users. There's way more sobriety in AA."
3580,State rehab experiences?,It’s just like a psych ward. It’s just a hallway with rooms you can walk up and down. It’s boring as hell.
3581,State rehab experiences?,"A lot of people bitch cuz most are like prison in terms of quality, but I'm grateful af for the state run detox that I went to about 2 years ago. It gave me the opportunity to change and even though I'm not clean right now, it gave me almost a year of sobriety after I got out where I didn't have to suffer.

I personally think that too many people are entitled and just bitches in general about it. As long as it offers a safe environment, a roof over your head, a warm bed, 3 meals and a rapid Suboxone taper, then that's all you need to get clean if you really want it."
3582,State rehab experiences?,Shitty
3583,State rehab experiences?,"Horrible, the bathroom situation was fucked up. They work hard to keep you in there too."
3584,State rehab experiences?,"The one I went to was pretty much just like county jail with a few classes and NA meetings thrown in. Shitty, super boring. Tons of downtime where you just sit around and do nothing; they don’t let you sleep except at night, have you sit around on metal footlockers during all downtime."
3585,Alternate to smoking off foil?,Lightbulb pipe
3586,Lightbulb pipe,"Every time I try to make one of those I break them or they shatter when you apply the slightest heat to them, I swear, it's like they're made of glass,(very thin glass that  cracks so easily)"
3587,"Every time I try to make one of those I break them or they shatter when you apply the slightest heat to them, I swear, it's like they're made of glass,(very thin glass that  cracks so easily)",Do you make a hole to the glass or not
3588,Do you make a hole to the glass or not,"I try to only break the metal thing at the top, but I've made like 5 perfect ones and they all crack within 2 mins"
3589,"I try to only break the metal thing at the top, but I've made like 5 perfect ones and they all crack within 2 mins",They are dry while you heat them right?
3590,They are dry while you heat them right?,Huh?
3591,Alternate to smoking off foil?,"A lot of guys use cannabis dab rigs and that seems to work well for them. The thicker the foil the better as it reduces the potential of burning your dope by keeping a lower heat. If you can get steel foil instead of aluminium that is also better. In the UK you can get foil specifically designed for smoking dope from, those brits think of everything lol"
3592,"A lot of guys use cannabis dab rigs and that seems to work well for them. The thicker the foil the better as it reduces the potential of burning your dope by keeping a lower heat. If you can get steel foil instead of aluminium that is also better. In the UK you can get foil specifically designed for smoking dope from, those brits think of everything lol",Oh nice I'm a Brit do you know what it's called or where I can get some?
3593,Oh nice I'm a Brit do you know what it's called or where I can get some?,The foil specifically designed for smoking is given out at some needle exchanges as a method to encourage needle users to switch to smoking. Although I’m sure I’ve seen it sold online but not very commonly; i wouldn’t know where to look for it.
3594,Alternate to smoking off foil?,"Here you are my friend. Search ""foil"" on this site and you can buy the best smoking foil known to man. It's also free if you attend a needle exchange but who wants to hang out with junkies init lol.  [https://www.exchangesupplies.org](https://www.exchangesupplies.org/)"
3595,"Here you are my friend. Search ""foil"" on this site and you can buy the best smoking foil known to man. It's also free if you attend a needle exchange but who wants to hang out with junkies init lol.  [https://www.exchangesupplies.org](https://www.exchangesupplies.org/)","Awesome thanks man just bought 5m of the foil for £1.75 , then £7 for shipping and it somehow came to £10.10 wtf lol"
3596,"Awesome thanks man just bought 5m of the foil for £1.75 , then £7 for shipping and it somehow came to £10.10 wtf lol","That's an expensive roll of foil but 5m should last you quite a while. Treat yourself to £25 worth next time, it comes with free shipping and you'll be sorted for a few years."
3597,"That's an expensive roll of foil but 5m should last you quite a while. Treat yourself to £25 worth next time, it comes with free shipping and you'll be sorted for a few years.","I've only just picked up the habit of the whole heroin thing, I lf I buy 25m it will feel like a commitment. Besides I like to make this pan handle type thing anyway so 5m probably won't last that long, also I paid for express shipping so"
3598,"I've only just picked up the habit of the whole heroin thing, I lf I buy 25m it will feel like a commitment. Besides I like to make this pan handle type thing anyway so 5m probably won't last that long, also I paid for express shipping so",Great attitude. Stay loyal to the foil and enjoy!!!
3599,Great attitude. Stay loyal to the foil and enjoy!!!,"Thanks buddy have a good day yourselfz just got some clean af stuff thru the post after a long night shift, im off to smoke now peaceee"
3600,Alternate to smoking off foil?,If you have tar turn it into a powder and snort it by shaking in a pill bottle with 2 nickles and a little bit of baking powder.
3601,If you have tar turn it into a powder and snort it by shaking in a pill bottle with 2 nickles and a little bit of baking powder.,"He's UK, we only get #3 here"
3602,If you have tar turn it into a powder and snort it by shaking in a pill bottle with 2 nickles and a little bit of baking powder.,I bet freezing it and grating it would be bettee
3603,Alternate to smoking off foil?,Try a meth pipe and a torch. Only put enough in for one good hit so you dont waste. They are a bitch to clean though.
3604,Try a meth pipe and a torch. Only put enough in for one good hit so you dont waste. They are a bitch to clean though.,Yeah I've done that but it's a bit slow and it's hit and miss if you get a good hit or not
3605,CWE issues?,"What kind of dose do you need to get high? Tylenol concerns are greatly exaggerated.

EDIT: Don’t get me wrong, Tylenol can definitely kill you, but people act like going over the 4,000 mg “limit” is an instant overdose. Not accusing you of this, OP."
3606,"What kind of dose do you need to get high? Tylenol concerns are greatly exaggerated.

EDIT: Don’t get me wrong, Tylenol can definitely kill you, but people act like going over the 4,000 mg “limit” is an instant overdose. Not accusing you of this, OP.","I get Hydro 5-325, I take for actual pain but most of the time doesn't help until about the 25-30 mg mark. At that point Im hitting 1600-2000 mg of Tylenol at one time. I dont ever go above 1000 mg at at time. Thats why Ive been looking into CWE lately.

&#x200B;

Edit: Ive also read articles based on that as well. Anyone with a normal liver will survive over that by im sure a great amount, but my worry is i take Tylenol every day. Im more so worried about taking damage long term. FDA also caps limit to 1000 mg at a time"
3607,CWE issues?,"Not saying you should do this, or anyone, or that it was smart of me to do, but one night I ate over 8000mgs of APAP. I ate either 25 or 26 10/325 Norcos and when I woke up the next day and realized what I had done I started panicking like oh shit.. thankfully I was fine, but I always CWE after that scare. Even if the shit comes out a little bit cloudy which only happened 1-2 times and it was really barley anything, I still drink it and it gets me just as good as popping them straight up. 

Even if the “ *Up too* 60% “ thing is true and we assume 60% that’s almost half the dose cut off, which isn’t bad at all. You take them everyday so definitely should be CWE that shit, measure out water, extract it,(I like using a cheese cloth or tightly woven shirt for the extract step), find out how many MG per ML you have and dose from that. 

Going up to 25-30mg of the hydrocodone you need for your pain calls for a lot of Tylenol on your way there. A suggestion from me to you would be asking your doctor for the 10/325 pills or at the very least the 7.5/325 pills (assuming the little 5mg oxys are out of the equation). Still CWE them but you would have even less Tylenol obviously, which is what you need imo when daily intake of the medicine is required."
3608,"Not saying you should do this, or anyone, or that it was smart of me to do, but one night I ate over 8000mgs of APAP. I ate either 25 or 26 10/325 Norcos and when I woke up the next day and realized what I had done I started panicking like oh shit.. thankfully I was fine, but I always CWE after that scare. Even if the shit comes out a little bit cloudy which only happened 1-2 times and it was really barley anything, I still drink it and it gets me just as good as popping them straight up. 

Even if the “ *Up too* 60% “ thing is true and we assume 60% that’s almost half the dose cut off, which isn’t bad at all. You take them everyday so definitely should be CWE that shit, measure out water, extract it,(I like using a cheese cloth or tightly woven shirt for the extract step), find out how many MG per ML you have and dose from that. 

Going up to 25-30mg of the hydrocodone you need for your pain calls for a lot of Tylenol on your way there. A suggestion from me to you would be asking your doctor for the 10/325 pills or at the very least the 7.5/325 pills (assuming the little 5mg oxys are out of the equation). Still CWE them but you would have even less Tylenol obviously, which is what you need imo when daily intake of the medicine is required.","Holy shit, 8000 is a ton. I had a weird experience that kind of spooked me (could be completely coincidental) where i ate Tylenol too close to drinking alcohol and ended up in the hospital the next day with an inflamed pancreas. I was in the hospital for 2 days before it finally started to go back to normal. I never told the drs I drank due to being afraid i would get my pain meds taken away. I never drink and I thought i waited enough time before taking it. 

This is true, and I agree. I have tried to talk to my Dr the past few visits but its hard. I barley get these it seems like, I keep getting told how young I am. I have everything ready to go for  a CWE( Coffee filters, glasses, and even a thermometer). Im just afraid that ill fuck up and end up in the hospital again, especially after i read that up to 60 can be left in the final solution."
3609,"Holy shit, 8000 is a ton. I had a weird experience that kind of spooked me (could be completely coincidental) where i ate Tylenol too close to drinking alcohol and ended up in the hospital the next day with an inflamed pancreas. I was in the hospital for 2 days before it finally started to go back to normal. I never told the drs I drank due to being afraid i would get my pain meds taken away. I never drink and I thought i waited enough time before taking it. 

This is true, and I agree. I have tried to talk to my Dr the past few visits but its hard. I barley get these it seems like, I keep getting told how young I am. I have everything ready to go for  a CWE( Coffee filters, glasses, and even a thermometer). Im just afraid that ill fuck up and end up in the hospital again, especially after i read that up to 60 can be left in the final solution.","Yea do that for sure. Thats only 1 article that says up to 60% can be left  too, and it could be the highest amount that the study had in just 1 test they did. Like we talked about even if we assume it’s always 60% it’s way better than nothing and you would have to CWE up to 3,350mgs worth of pills to get to the 2000mg mark which comes out to be over 10 pills and 50mgs of hydrocodone. You take them everyday and I can not stress enough how important/and lucky you are with keeping/having your working dose dose in the 20-30mg range. 

If the 30mgs stops working for you you need to cut back and take a break because it’s possible to keep that nice low dose for a very long time, but very easy to slip up. Once you do slip up it’s pretty much game over tolerance wise and you will have to go an extremely long time without the drug to get it back down which is out of the equation in your situation. I’m no doctor or anything but I am an experienced and knowledgeable drug user, especially when it comes to opiates. 

P.S when you CWEcoffe filters work fine, I suggest you double them up though, and always make sure you get the coffee filter wet first before pouring the drugged water through them so you don’t lose anything"
3610,"Not saying you should do this, or anyone, or that it was smart of me to do, but one night I ate over 8000mgs of APAP. I ate either 25 or 26 10/325 Norcos and when I woke up the next day and realized what I had done I started panicking like oh shit.. thankfully I was fine, but I always CWE after that scare. Even if the shit comes out a little bit cloudy which only happened 1-2 times and it was really barley anything, I still drink it and it gets me just as good as popping them straight up. 

Even if the “ *Up too* 60% “ thing is true and we assume 60% that’s almost half the dose cut off, which isn’t bad at all. You take them everyday so definitely should be CWE that shit, measure out water, extract it,(I like using a cheese cloth or tightly woven shirt for the extract step), find out how many MG per ML you have and dose from that. 

Going up to 25-30mg of the hydrocodone you need for your pain calls for a lot of Tylenol on your way there. A suggestion from me to you would be asking your doctor for the 10/325 pills or at the very least the 7.5/325 pills (assuming the little 5mg oxys are out of the equation). Still CWE them but you would have even less Tylenol obviously, which is what you need imo when daily intake of the medicine is required.","Yeah 8 grams is a bungload of APAP. The thing about livers, from what I've read is that it takes 24-48 hours for liver damage from apap to manifest and that if you overdo it, that you need to be super kind to it for the next couple days. No drinking, CWE everything for a few days, etc."
3611,"Yeah 8 grams is a bungload of APAP. The thing about livers, from what I've read is that it takes 24-48 hours for liver damage from apap to manifest and that if you overdo it, that you need to be super kind to it for the next couple days. No drinking, CWE everything for a few days, etc.",Oh yeah found out it can take up to 2 weeks to show any signs on liver failure too. Basically I was a total mess for those weeks and any little hint of upper stomach pain made me scared af.. definitely learned my lesson there cause I never go without CWE nowadays
3612,CWE issues?,With as little water as possible there’s physically only a certain amount of paracetamol it can hold. Especially if it is properly cold. You’re not trying to remove it all. Keep the amount of water small. Even a clear result is no good if you have too much water.
3613,With as little water as possible there’s physically only a certain amount of paracetamol it can hold. Especially if it is properly cold. You’re not trying to remove it all. Keep the amount of water small. Even a clear result is no good if you have too much water.,I have heard this as well. Some people argue against this but I agree with your logic.
3614,I have heard this as well. Some people argue against this but I agree with your logic.,"There's a certain amount of apap you simply cannot remove with a normal CWE. No matter how cold you get it. That amount depends **directly** on how much water you use.

\-- Let's say you are going to CWE 10 percocet 10/325's for easy math's sake. 

\-- [That's 3250mg of apap which requires 232.xxxx ml of water to dissolve it all. ](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/compound/Acetaminophen) .

If you used something ridiculous like 233ml of water to dissolve the 10 percs, you would, effectively, dissolve ALL the apap into solution and the **only** way you are going to remove it is by lowering the temperature of the water. And that's **only** if you used close to 232mls of water and not much more.

If you used half that much water which is still a lot, you would have half as much apap in solution which is a good start but we can do better. By using a *much* smaller amount of water we give the apap almost nowhere to hide and so it gets filtered out.

It only takes a ml of water to dissolve 166mg of oxycodone into it so really, we need enough water to dissolve the pills and make it something we can filter but not much more.

What arguments to the contrary have you heard in regards to using more water?"
3615,With as little water as possible there’s physically only a certain amount of paracetamol it can hold. Especially if it is properly cold. You’re not trying to remove it all. Keep the amount of water small. Even a clear result is no good if you have too much water.,">Even a clear result is no good if you have too much water.

This - exactly this. If you use a gallon of water to cwe with, yeah you're gonna have pretty clear results."
3616,CWE issues?,"When I do CWE's I use very little water, dissolve the pills in it, wet the filter in tap water and cover a glass with it, then just before I pour it through the filter, will add some ice chips to the water to get it cold then filter it. Sometimes it's cloudy, sometimes it isn't but scientifically, I put more APAP into the glass than the water can hold so I already HAVE to be removing apap. Lowering the temp makes it even harder for apap to dissolve so that number goes up.

Even if I'm only removing half of the apap from 10/325 percs and eating (back in the day) 6-8 at a time, that's only 1300mg a dose which I can live with. I'm pretty certain the extraction is more than 50% efficient though.

I've always felt pretty good about CWEs once I put the thought into the process and did some homework on the solubility of different chemicals (Merck)."
3617,"When I do CWE's I use very little water, dissolve the pills in it, wet the filter in tap water and cover a glass with it, then just before I pour it through the filter, will add some ice chips to the water to get it cold then filter it. Sometimes it's cloudy, sometimes it isn't but scientifically, I put more APAP into the glass than the water can hold so I already HAVE to be removing apap. Lowering the temp makes it even harder for apap to dissolve so that number goes up.

Even if I'm only removing half of the apap from 10/325 percs and eating (back in the day) 6-8 at a time, that's only 1300mg a dose which I can live with. I'm pretty certain the extraction is more than 50% efficient though.

I've always felt pretty good about CWEs once I put the thought into the process and did some homework on the solubility of different chemicals (Merck).","Oh wow, so you dont even cool it down?"
3618,"Oh wow, so you dont even cool it down?",Only when I'm adding the ice chips before I filter it. This gets it pretty cold by itself.
3619,Why do you take Fentanyl?,"Its cheaper than heroin, where im from. I get more bang for the buck"
3620,"Its cheaper than heroin, where im from. I get more bang for the buck",This
3621,"Its cheaper than heroin, where im from. I get more bang for the buck","Cheaper yes, but I personally have never even gotten high off fent. Just a little sedated if anything else other than feeling better."
3622,"Its cheaper than heroin, where im from. I get more bang for the buck",If you cant afford heroin you should probably reconsider your life choices. Heroin is dirt cheap. Fent is just for those wanting to die.
3623,If you cant afford heroin you should probably reconsider your life choices. Heroin is dirt cheap. Fent is just for those wanting to die.,In what world is heroin dirt cheap? When you have a tolerance it's definitely not cheap
3624,If you cant afford heroin you should probably reconsider your life choices. Heroin is dirt cheap. Fent is just for those wanting to die.,"Wtf are you talking about. You can quickly get to a 100,000+ annual habit with heroin."
3625,"Wtf are you talking about. You can quickly get to a 100,000+ annual habit with heroin.","$100,000??? Dude that's like $275 a day. That's 70 bags daily in my neck of the woods.. what a tolerance lol"
3626,"$100,000??? Dude that's like $275 a day. That's 70 bags daily in my neck of the woods.. what a tolerance lol",They lying. No one is doing that much dope. But feens will justify doing fent because they are cheap fucks that dont care about their life.
3627,"Wtf are you talking about. You can quickly get to a 100,000+ annual habit with heroin.",How much are you buying? And how much is your dealer charging? From my experience you can get the same high for $2 that would cost $30 If you wanted clean pills from a pharmacy
3628,How much are you buying? And how much is your dealer charging? From my experience you can get the same high for $2 that would cost $30 If you wanted clean pills from a pharmacy,"LOL dude you clearly have no clue what youre talking about please keep your dumb shit to yourself

""Fent is just for those wanting to die""

Fucking moron."
3629,"LOL dude you clearly have no clue what youre talking about please keep your dumb shit to yourself

""Fent is just for those wanting to die""

Fucking moron.",Sorry I forgot being dumb was acceptable in the opiate community.
3630,Sorry I forgot being dumb was acceptable in the opiate community.,You should probably stop talking unless you enjoy looking like a fool
3631,If you cant afford heroin you should probably reconsider your life choices. Heroin is dirt cheap. Fent is just for those wanting to die.,Not every area has it. It's pretty much hone where I am.
3632,Why do you take Fentanyl?,It all depends on tolerance
3633,Why do you take Fentanyl?,The only reason I did it right before I got clean from opioids is that fentanyl is pretty much all that's out there these days where I'm from. Real heroin is almost unheard of these days. That's also a big reason why I just don't do the shit anymore - painkillers are expensive and hard to find and the fentanyl is likely to kill me. Just not worth it anymore
3634,Why do you take Fentanyl?,To get high?
3635,Why do you take Fentanyl?,"It's not as bad as many people think....  It's so readily available that it's the choice of those who would rather not go out to buy drugs.  After a 3 month hiatus, I had a two-week fent binge.  Having used it enough, I use a microspatula to eyeball measure a tiny, tiny bit of it (NOT RECOMMENDED on your first time using) -- at least at first.  It was magical, the first time after 3 months of buprenorphine pap.  I may be depressed, but I'm not ready for eternal oblivion yet, so the first couple of times, I would inject a third to a half of it first, see what happens with the needle still in, and then shoot the rest if I felt okay.  Despite my best intentions, I started using it regularly at an escalating dose, and despite the nausea it was causing me after months of not using it.  Just as I was getting into the groove of shooting up five times a day, I ran out.  Luckily, my dosage hadn't gotten out of control yet.  

The only down side is that after a few months, your tolerance is through the roof, and then no amount of buprenorphine will take the edge off when you withdraw.  This time, I only had about 50 mg or so of fentanyl total, so I ran out before that happened.  I upped my dosage of bupe to a full 8 mg strip, but I still felt really crappy yesterday....  Starting to feel like myself again today."
3636,"It's not as bad as many people think....  It's so readily available that it's the choice of those who would rather not go out to buy drugs.  After a 3 month hiatus, I had a two-week fent binge.  Having used it enough, I use a microspatula to eyeball measure a tiny, tiny bit of it (NOT RECOMMENDED on your first time using) -- at least at first.  It was magical, the first time after 3 months of buprenorphine pap.  I may be depressed, but I'm not ready for eternal oblivion yet, so the first couple of times, I would inject a third to a half of it first, see what happens with the needle still in, and then shoot the rest if I felt okay.  Despite my best intentions, I started using it regularly at an escalating dose, and despite the nausea it was causing me after months of not using it.  Just as I was getting into the groove of shooting up five times a day, I ran out.  Luckily, my dosage hadn't gotten out of control yet.  

The only down side is that after a few months, your tolerance is through the roof, and then no amount of buprenorphine will take the edge off when you withdraw.  This time, I only had about 50 mg or so of fentanyl total, so I ran out before that happened.  I upped my dosage of bupe to a full 8 mg strip, but I still felt really crappy yesterday....  Starting to feel like myself again today.","I’m curious, if you had like a .1-.2g heroin a day tolerance and you just eyeballed fentanyl the first time you tried it, how likely would it be that you could actually enjoy it and survive it? 

I mean like, could you just drop a few little bitty pinches of the powder into ur water and dissolve and it and be good?"
3637,"I’m curious, if you had like a .1-.2g heroin a day tolerance and you just eyeballed fentanyl the first time you tried it, how likely would it be that you could actually enjoy it and survive it? 

I mean like, could you just drop a few little bitty pinches of the powder into ur water and dissolve and it and be good?","Well, it's reasonably well established that fentanyl is actually a pretty safe drug -- on one end, there a 25 ug (microgram) dose for (minimal) pain relief and sedation during medical procedures and a 2 mg lethal dose (ld50), at which 50% of non-opioid tolerant individuals will stop breathing and die.  That's a pretty high therapeutic index of around 80 or so, higher than morphine or heroin.  For me, I have a pretty good idea what what a mg of the pure material looks like, and I tend to be cautious even with that estimation.  That first time, I was aiming for around 250 ug or so, although after a few days, it was closer to maybe twice that.  For addicts, the lethal dose is probably in the 5 to 10 mg range, so there's an even larger cushion.  The fact is, it's very hard to o.d. unintentionally if you are using the same batch every time, and I have high confidence in the quality of the material to start with."
3638,"Well, it's reasonably well established that fentanyl is actually a pretty safe drug -- on one end, there a 25 ug (microgram) dose for (minimal) pain relief and sedation during medical procedures and a 2 mg lethal dose (ld50), at which 50% of non-opioid tolerant individuals will stop breathing and die.  That's a pretty high therapeutic index of around 80 or so, higher than morphine or heroin.  For me, I have a pretty good idea what what a mg of the pure material looks like, and I tend to be cautious even with that estimation.  That first time, I was aiming for around 250 ug or so, although after a few days, it was closer to maybe twice that.  For addicts, the lethal dose is probably in the 5 to 10 mg range, so there's an even larger cushion.  The fact is, it's very hard to o.d. unintentionally if you are using the same batch every time, and I have high confidence in the quality of the material to start with.","Damn man, 250ug doesn’t sound like a lot when people buys grams of this stuff. I always kind of assumed that the news articles with one or two grains of salt to show fentanyl was just to scare people into not taking it.

Does a 250ug dose of fent look like more than just a few little specs of salt? Or are those pictures actually fairly accurate?

I’ve always wanted to try fentanyl so badly, but I have never found an irl dealer that has it, and I know I’d probably just eyeball it and end up killing myself on accidentpurpose."
3639,"Damn man, 250ug doesn’t sound like a lot when people buys grams of this stuff. I always kind of assumed that the news articles with one or two grains of salt to show fentanyl was just to scare people into not taking it.

Does a 250ug dose of fent look like more than just a few little specs of salt? Or are those pictures actually fairly accurate?

I’ve always wanted to try fentanyl so badly, but I have never found an irl dealer that has it, and I know I’d probably just eyeball it and end up killing myself on accidentpurpose.","the solid is actually quite fluffy, but yes, just a few specks on a spatula tip."
3640,"I’m curious, if you had like a .1-.2g heroin a day tolerance and you just eyeballed fentanyl the first time you tried it, how likely would it be that you could actually enjoy it and survive it? 

I mean like, could you just drop a few little bitty pinches of the powder into ur water and dissolve and it and be good?","Earlier on, when I was less confident, dosing volumetrically was the way to go.  I made a 1 mg/mL solution and dosed according to that.  The problem with that is that you need to a way to preserve the solution, otherwise, it is dangerous to IV after a day or so, due to bacterial contamination.  I learned that the hard way after getting a fever and chills (what people call ""cotton fever"", without the cotton) shooting a contaminated batch.  After that, I typically added about 20% ethanol as a preservative.  However, too much ethanol is harsh on the veins.  (Plus, you can taste it in the back of your mouth three or four seconds after shooting up, a nice reminder to how fast your circulation takes the drug to the brain.)"
3641,Why do you take Fentanyl?,"I dont, but some guy on the dnm sells some analogue for pretty cheap and its pretty potent. Maybe that's why people like it? Maybe other people think its white heroin and are doing it unexpectedly, since that's what its listed as. I think it's mostly dangerous if it's not distributed consistently or you don know it's in your dope? It personally gave me some weird sleep walky dream land side effects, so I don't care for it."
3642,Why do you take Fentanyl?,Tolerance... it’s a bitch... if I could reset it and still get high off other opiates I would use other ones.. shit I usually have to add a bar to it just so I can Nodd....
3643,Why do you take Fentanyl?,"I do it because I live in NY where it’s becoming almost impossible to find actual heroin. First they were cutting dope with fent,  then it was fent with a little bit of dope in it, and now it’s just straight up fent. They don’t even try to make it seem like heroin anymore, draws up completely clear."
3644,Why do you take Fentanyl?,There is little to zero actual heroin around anymore. After trying it once (due to no other viable options) heroin delivered nada. Supply & demand has changed. Dealers profit waayyy more with fent ~ 1g of dope can only be cut so much before customer tells plug to kick rocks vs. 1g of fent that MUST be cut X amount of times lest customer literally kicks rocks(☠).
3645,Why do you take Fentanyl?,Propaganda
3646,Took 8 percent 5/325 will I be good?,You will probly get sick from it but you won’t overdose if you have no tolerance. That much Tylenol is irresponsible to take. Look up how to do a cold water extraction and do that in the future.
3647,You will probly get sick from it but you won’t overdose if you have no tolerance. That much Tylenol is irresponsible to take. Look up how to do a cold water extraction and do that in the future.,Ok thanks man. I don’t usually take percs but I rlly didn’t wanna fuck up the extraction. Hopefully my liver is fine. I’m totally enjoying myself rn. Smoked a joint n I’m chilling.
3648,Took 8 percent 5/325 will I be good?,"You may get nauseated from all that apap, but that dose isnt going to kill you. If your really worried you can run to a local pharmacy and activated charcoal"
3649,"You may get nauseated from all that apap, but that dose isnt going to kill you. If your really worried you can run to a local pharmacy and activated charcoal",Lmao I don’t even remember writing this I was so gone couldn’t even spell Percocet
3650,Heroin after suboxone?,"At least 36 hrs would be ideal. 48hrs even better. Shit and piss as much as possible amwhenever you feel like you need to. 

That dope will hit way better longer you wait bro dont give in especially if youre not feeling bad."
3651,Heroin after suboxone?,Midnight tonight
3652,Heroin after suboxone?,"I also use subutex recreationally if I don’t have b’s. When I dose ANY sub, I don’t feel shit for atleast 24 hours. Try to wait as long as possible. 48 hours would be ideal."
3653,Heroin after suboxone?,"I was on subs for quite awhile, and even after 36 hours, without taking my dose, I noticed extremely diminished effects. I think the longest I waited was like 48 hours, and even then I didn't get all that high. I was on 16mg a day, for 2 years though. So, that more then likely was what caused it, but I'm just saying. People underestimate how much subs can mess with coppin a buzz lol."
3654,How long to develop fentanyl dependence?,"It’s all good Man I’m no one to judge just wanted to leave my advice. You grown and no one can stop you from making your own choices, just stay safe homie!"
3655,"It’s all good Man I’m no one to judge just wanted to leave my advice. You grown and no one can stop you from making your own choices, just stay safe homie!","Thanks, absolutely will do! And likewise, my friend! :)"
3656,How long to develop fentanyl dependence?,You've been using 6 days? You'll be fine to stop taking them
3657,You've been using 6 days? You'll be fine to stop taking them,"I have a buddy who’s been addicted to it for a while, and he told me you can develop a dependence after just 3-4 days? Is that wrong, or would you just have to be using a lot more than one pill press worth a day like OP?"
3658,"I have a buddy who’s been addicted to it for a while, and he told me you can develop a dependence after just 3-4 days? Is that wrong, or would you just have to be using a lot more than one pill press worth a day like OP?",Physical dependence takes weeks to form. Mental dependence can happen immediately
3659,Physical dependence takes weeks to form. Mental dependence can happen immediately,"I understand what you’re saying & that that’s the typical timeline for physical dependence for opiates to develop, but is that also true of fentanyl (considering it has a MUCH higher affinity to agonize 
μ-opioid receptors)?"
3660,"I understand what you’re saying & that that’s the typical timeline for physical dependence for opiates to develop, but is that also true of fentanyl (considering it has a MUCH higher affinity to agonize 
μ-opioid receptors)?","Yes, as far as I know."
3661,"Yes, as far as I know.","Ok, cool. Just wanted to clarify, so thanks."
3662,Physical dependence takes weeks to form. Mental dependence can happen immediately,I've also heard that if you've had prior opioid dependence the timeline is considerably faster.
3663,I've also heard that if you've had prior opioid dependence the timeline is considerably faster.,Yes that is true.
3664,Yes that is true.,"Thanks. I knew it was, I just didn't wanna sound like a fuckin know it all. Lol"
3665,You've been using 6 days? You'll be fine to stop taking them,"I thought so, but I just wanted to get a second opinion because I couldn't find much information online. Thanks!"
3666,How long to develop fentanyl dependence?,If you don’t have a tolerance and you doing fent pills stop now before you end up addicted or you od from a pill that has just a little bit too much fent in one spot.  Trust me it’s not worth it
3667,If you don’t have a tolerance and you doing fent pills stop now before you end up addicted or you od from a pill that has just a little bit too much fent in one spot.  Trust me it’s not worth it,"I appreciate your concern, but I'd like to respectfully inform you that it won't encourage me to discontinue my opiate use. I'm fully aware of the risks involved, and I take several measures in harm reduction as a result.

You might see me as ignorant, stupid, or both, but I'm quite confident in my methods and have faced neither withdrawal or an overdose in the four years I've been a recreational opioid user (with a spectrum of use that ranges from codeine to heroin)."
3668,"I appreciate your concern, but I'd like to respectfully inform you that it won't encourage me to discontinue my opiate use. I'm fully aware of the risks involved, and I take several measures in harm reduction as a result.

You might see me as ignorant, stupid, or both, but I'm quite confident in my methods and have faced neither withdrawal or an overdose in the four years I've been a recreational opioid user (with a spectrum of use that ranges from codeine to heroin).",But your on a 6 day bender? Got it
3669,But your on a 6 day bender? Got it,"Look where were at. He was cool about telling you he appreciated the concern, and stuff. No reason to mock him afterwards. What'd you expect him to say?"
3670,How long to develop fentanyl dependence?,"If you've never had a physical dependence, it is slow to start (a month), but if you've had one before it might only take about three or four days of continuous use (less than a week)."
3671,CWE Percocets/Possible IV?,"I wouldn’t do it with percs, unless your tolerance is high. Typical most people do this with Tylenol 3s. Don’t IV it there will still be some Tylenol in the liquid."
3672,CWE Percocets/Possible IV?,No
3673,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,"For sure, I love eating candy and drinking soda on any opiates, esp the ones that turn into morphine (codeine and heroin)."
3674,"For sure, I love eating candy and drinking soda on any opiates, esp the ones that turn into morphine (codeine and heroin).","That’s.. actually a really accurate observation. Heroin and morphine give me the munchies to the extreme, esp. for that delicious Kroger offbrand ice cream"
3675,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,The logo of r/opiates is the reddit alien holding a bag of sour patch kids for this very reason
3676,The logo of r/opiates is the reddit alien holding a bag of sour patch kids for this very reason,First time I actually observed the logo hard never even saw the sour patch kids hahaha makes sense now
3677,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,"Yes, opiates lower your blood sugar. Fun fact: in Ancient Greece diabetics were given opium to keep their blood sugar down."
3678,"Yes, opiates lower your blood sugar. Fun fact: in Ancient Greece diabetics were given opium to keep their blood sugar down.",That’s pretty crazy to think about haha it worked though for them
3679,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,You just made me want to get a Stewart's cream soda or orange and cream..mmmm
3680,You just made me want to get a Stewart's cream soda or orange and cream..mmmm,Never had them haha sound bomb tho I drank a Freddie’s cream soda was pretty fire
3681,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,"Not sugar per say, but I get extreme craving for nicotine."
3682,"Not sugar per say, but I get extreme craving for nicotine.",[deleted]
3683,[deleted],It is indeed magical
3684,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,What the fuck yo! I used to fucking crave cream sodas when I used as well. That’s so funny. It was always specifically cream sodas too.
3685,What the fuck yo! I used to fucking crave cream sodas when I used as well. That’s so funny. It was always specifically cream sodas too.,Same !! Dunno why just gotta drink one while on an oxy haha
3686,Anyone crave sugar on oxy ? I don’t even drink soda like that but when I’m on it I fein for cream sodas all day lmao,Opiates have always ramped up my thirst like crazy. My girl would always know when im high cause ill make weird ass drinks with fruit in them and stuff.
3687,What's up with the Sandoz 80mg Oxycontin generic?,Thats crazy they showed up after all that time. Id try 40mg snorted and see if you feel that.
3688,Thats crazy they showed up after all that time. Id try 40mg snorted and see if you feel that.,"Alright, I'll see."
3689,What's up with the Sandoz 80mg Oxycontin generic?,We dont allow pics of dope/pills here
3690,We dont allow pics of dope/pills here,I have removed it even thought it linked to the same reddit.
3691,I have removed it even thought it linked to the same reddit.,"The same Sub-reddit

Reddit is the website
That has 100's of thousands of subs"
3692,"The same Sub-reddit

Reddit is the website
That has 100's of thousands of subs","

Yeah, I meant same subreddit, mb bro/sis."
3693,"

Yeah, I meant same subreddit, mb bro/sis.","You're good homie, just wanted to help"
3694,Will I W/D or tolerance if I’m taking hydrocodone every other day?,Course your feeling fine 😂😂
3695,Course your feeling fine 😂😂,What’s that mean
3696,What’s that mean,Your playing with fire here dude 😁
3697,Your playing with fire here dude 😁,"Trust me my guy I understand, but this is the last of my hydros, I won’t be taking them for quite sometime as my guys grandmother won’t be picking up for quite a bit. My question is if I’m going to feel dope sick"
3698,"Trust me my guy I understand, but this is the last of my hydros, I won’t be taking them for quite sometime as my guys grandmother won’t be picking up for quite a bit. My question is if I’m going to feel dope sick","Ah ok dude. How you feeling now, ok?"
3699,"Ah ok dude. How you feeling now, ok?","I feel fine. Nothing, haven’t taken them since Thursday"
3700,"I feel fine. Nothing, haven’t taken them since Thursday",You be ok dude 😉
3701,You be ok dude 😉,Ty
3702,Will I W/D or tolerance if I’m taking hydrocodone every other day?,You’ll be fine
3703,Will I W/D or tolerance if I’m taking hydrocodone every other day?,definitely
3704,Will I W/D or tolerance if I’m taking hydrocodone every other day?,Yes
3705,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Yep. As soon as someone is losing an argument, their go to is bringing up something from my post history. Every time"
3706,"Yep. As soon as someone is losing an argument, their go to is bringing up something from my post history. Every time","Yup, got into a silly argument about climate change and guys were saying I was hopefully gonna OD all because my username. Stick to the drug subs. You’re are surely not what all the internet strangers are saying about you."
3707,"Yup, got into a silly argument about climate change and guys were saying I was hopefully gonna OD all because my username. Stick to the drug subs. You’re are surely not what all the internet strangers are saying about you.",I happen to love the user name
3708,I happen to love the user name,"Thank you, Have a great Sunday"
3709,"Yup, got into a silly argument about climate change and guys were saying I was hopefully gonna OD all because my username. Stick to the drug subs. You’re are surely not what all the internet strangers are saying about you.","Dude!!! Same here. Literally talking about the same subject matter too. Fuckin bitches i swear. We should have a buddy system lol so we can always go in together, laugh at them together then leave. Lol"
3710,"Yup, got into a silly argument about climate change and guys were saying I was hopefully gonna OD all because my username. Stick to the drug subs. You’re are surely not what all the internet strangers are saying about you.",I love user name also!
3711,"Yup, got into a silly argument about climate change and guys were saying I was hopefully gonna OD all because my username. Stick to the drug subs. You’re are surely not what all the internet strangers are saying about you.",Well you happen to have fucking stupid views on climate change bud
3712,Well you happen to have fucking stupid views on climate change bud,"Dang it’s you again, 😆 I feel great man. I hope you’re enjoying your weekend"
3713,"Dang it’s you again, 😆 I feel great man. I hope you’re enjoying your weekend",Lol just messin with ya. When I saw your username I was like 90% sure that was you I ran into on some other sub
3714,Lol just messin with ya. When I saw your username I was like 90% sure that was you I ran into on some other sub,"It’s all good, yeah. We gotta save our beautiful home."
3715,"It’s all good, yeah. We gotta save our beautiful home.","yeah. God forbid the admins axe r/opiates, our home.  


Earth first, make Mars our bitch."
3716,"yeah. God forbid the admins axe r/opiates, our home.  


Earth first, make Mars our bitch.",What WHAT'S HAPPENING???
3717,What WHAT'S HAPPENING???,"i will never make an alt-account because of what some arrogant person full of prejudice thinks.

make a comeback in style of: ""mate, you seem so full of yourself,are you suffering from chronic obstipation? i could give you some tips"" or anything passive-aggressive like that.

also, considering all the hell you went thru cuz of opiates, how can some random retard on the internet trigger you with a shitty comment? why tf do you care?"
3718,"Yep. As soon as someone is losing an argument, their go to is bringing up something from my post history. Every time","I hear it all the time. When you can't attack the idea, attack the man. It just means you're probably right. Or you're wrong and the other person is a total idiot"
3719,"I hear it all the time. When you can't attack the idea, attack the man. It just means you're probably right. Or you're wrong and the other person is a total idiot","Oh cool then I'm going to purposefully incite people with knowledge, hit them with that one line, and leave.

. Byeeeeeee"
3720,"Yep. As soon as someone is losing an argument, their go to is bringing up something from my post history. Every time","See, I've found a way around this. I have NEVER (that I can remember) had someone bring up my post history.   


Because if I'm in an arguement with someone, I pre-fix it, and throw in that I'm a rampant heroin addict idgaf.   


Takes the steam out of their incoming insult. Been a very long time since I've seen this, and I post on the donald sometimes."
3721,"See, I've found a way around this. I have NEVER (that I can remember) had someone bring up my post history.   


Because if I'm in an arguement with someone, I pre-fix it, and throw in that I'm a rampant heroin addict idgaf.   


Takes the steam out of their incoming insult. Been a very long time since I've seen this, and I post on the donald sometimes.",How do you say it?
3722,"Yep. As soon as someone is losing an argument, their go to is bringing up something from my post history. Every time",Pro tip to save you from headaches in the future- never have arguments on the internet. Everyone is an idiot and nothing matters in the grand scheme of things
3723,Pro tip to save you from headaches in the future- never have arguments on the internet. Everyone is an idiot and nothing matters in the grand scheme of things,"Aha I couldn’t agree with you more dude, that’s the attitude to have 😝"
3724,Pro tip to save you from headaches in the future- never have arguments on the internet. Everyone is an idiot and nothing matters in the grand scheme of things,The thing is I never was arguing.  It would just be a comment.  People are so weird.
3725,Does this shit happen to all of us?,I think people who’ve never experienced this kind of “lifestyle” to put it loosely... it’s just incomprehensible and they will never understand and you know what they say. Hate/miscommunication stems from not understanding!
3726,I think people who’ve never experienced this kind of “lifestyle” to put it loosely... it’s just incomprehensible and they will never understand and you know what they say. Hate/miscommunication stems from not understanding!,"Probably. But I also think it's a lot of projection from casual users, closeted addicts, and weekend warriors. They want to make sure they call out ""the bad addicts"" so they can remain holier than thou.

People suck."
3727,"Probably. But I also think it's a lot of projection from casual users, closeted addicts, and weekend warriors. They want to make sure they call out ""the bad addicts"" so they can remain holier than thou.

People suck.","Oh for sure. As someone whose hung with addicts and people in recovery, every addict wants to hang with someone comparitvely worse off in the beginning.

""atleast Im not like HIM""

on the other side anyone in NA or AA wants to act like their program is so much better than everyone else's, I never made any real progress till I stopped focusing on other people."
3728,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there."
3729,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there.",How many hippos can you fit in a crate? Lol jk
3730,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there.",Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?
3731,Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?,"I've never done that. There are some mean spirited people who want to win every conversation, and if they need to try to dig up some dirt on you, they'll do it. I've never looked at a person's post history, and I'm not sure that I know how. Regardless, an argument should stand or fall based on it's own merits or lack thereof."
3732,Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?,"No, it's weird that they DO do that"
3733,"No, it's weird that they DO do that","For sure, I say if they do that at all  you already won.

Because your life is far better than theirs if they have to do things like that to feel better about themselves. I may be an addict, but I don't  hate myself.

 I don't hurt anyone but me in my case."
3734,"No, it's weird that they DO do that",lol... do do
3735,Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?,"Yeah yeah why do people do that? It's proper stalky pants shit really!

The only time I have looked threw someones post history has been when there talking some freaking sense on a subject and I wanna see some other interesting stuff or dig up some useful info.

But to look through trying to find something to use against them to make them look stupid?

First off who has time for that shit lol and second it's just plain creepy."
3736,Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?,Me neither!
3737,Like why do people need to look at your post history before responding to your comments or arguments anyways? Is it weird that I don't do that?,"Yes, I find people trawling your post history looking for ammo really creepy behavior, I'd be embarrassed to admit to it... Maybe people take their behavioral cues from politicians more than I thought, that sort of behavior does seem to have been somewhat normalized by this age of political amorality, sleaze and corruption."
3738,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there.","Good post, upvoted. I would bet anything, those of us “junkies” are some of the most highly intelligent people on Reddit."
3739,"Good post, upvoted. I would bet anything, those of us “junkies” are some of the most highly intelligent people on Reddit.","Exactly drug use isn’t reflection of IQ, things in their lives could of caused them to be a user through no fault of their own. Opiates especially can easily be overprescribed by doctors and they are very hard to just stop because of the feeling they give which the body craves."
3740,"Good post, upvoted. I would bet anything, those of us “junkies” are some of the most highly intelligent people on Reddit.",Amen
3741,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there.","I’ve noticed this too, if I’m just commenting on a fandom sub, or a skincare, makeup or fashion sub, people don’t give a shit and never call me out but if you’re discussing/arguing anything controversial, you’re gonna get dismissed and called a junkie, just like in real life when my sister starts to lose an argument 🙄 

I also think checking someone’s post history for ammo while you’re having a discussion is super pathetic and like completely behind the point? it doesn’t invalidate whatever the fuck you were discussing"
3742,"I’ve noticed this too, if I’m just commenting on a fandom sub, or a skincare, makeup or fashion sub, people don’t give a shit and never call me out but if you’re discussing/arguing anything controversial, you’re gonna get dismissed and called a junkie, just like in real life when my sister starts to lose an argument 🙄 

I also think checking someone’s post history for ammo while you’re having a discussion is super pathetic and like completely behind the point? it doesn’t invalidate whatever the fuck you were discussing",Yeah for real
3743,"If you get into a discussion with someone and they start to loose and they check your post history and they see drug use in your history they will say because you are a drug user your argument is invalid (but not as nice as that, more along the lines as “you’re just a junkie what do you know” or “why don’t you just go and overdose”) 
The way I see it is if they have to use that against you, you know you’ve won because that is the only comeback they have. 
I have found the more political the sub the more likely you are to be called a junkie where as if it is r/funny or r/blursedimages or similar no one really cares

What I hate the most is when someone calls you out for being a drug user or a junkie but they have posted about using drugs themselves, fucken hippocrates are the worst scum out there.",Edit: your typo you filthy swine.
3744,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"You 100% need a 2nd account for ""normy"" sub reddits if you want to be considered a non addict."
3745,"You 100% need a 2nd account for ""normy"" sub reddits if you want to be considered a non addict.","I'm not sober now but when I am I still don't tell people I used to use. Everyone looks and treats you like your going to steal their jewelry off their necks. Like, I've been painting the inside of your house all week and now that you heard I'm going to na you want me off the job? I shoulda robbed that bitch out of spite"
3746,"I'm not sober now but when I am I still don't tell people I used to use. Everyone looks and treats you like your going to steal their jewelry off their necks. Like, I've been painting the inside of your house all week and now that you heard I'm going to na you want me off the job? I shoulda robbed that bitch out of spite","Its crazy how common opiate addiction is now and how its being reported in the news all the time and now pharmaceutical companies are getting lots of backlash yet so many people still act like everyone who's ever used or is using is a stereotypical piece of shit thief who started doing heroin because they were always a scumbag.

Like maybe its just the circles we run in skewing our perceptions but I feel like the majority of normal people must realize by now that addiction is a mental health problem and that so many people started on pills."
3747,"Its crazy how common opiate addiction is now and how its being reported in the news all the time and now pharmaceutical companies are getting lots of backlash yet so many people still act like everyone who's ever used or is using is a stereotypical piece of shit thief who started doing heroin because they were always a scumbag.

Like maybe its just the circles we run in skewing our perceptions but I feel like the majority of normal people must realize by now that addiction is a mental health problem and that so many people started on pills.","I rmemeber yalking to this woman outside a restaurant.  We somehow got on the opiate crisis and she said yeah but our kids are good and we show them a lot of love so they'll be fine.  And i said yknow it isn't just the homeless people that are addicts.  Would you believe me if I told you Im recovering and im 20 (i think i was 20).  I always had love and a good family.  She looked uneasy after that lol.  People are just,so ignorant of how addiction works."
3748,"Its crazy how common opiate addiction is now and how its being reported in the news all the time and now pharmaceutical companies are getting lots of backlash yet so many people still act like everyone who's ever used or is using is a stereotypical piece of shit thief who started doing heroin because they were always a scumbag.

Like maybe its just the circles we run in skewing our perceptions but I feel like the majority of normal people must realize by now that addiction is a mental health problem and that so many people started on pills.","I have a what I find to be inordinately large amount of non using friends. (edit: compared to any other addict I've ever known really in treatments etc.) 

Like I know one person that actually gets high and that's my dealer.

Well I have two dealers. Meth and heroin, and I only do heroin anymore. But I am a very high functioning addict these days, and was lucky enough to have my friends stick through the worst of it and I find them and even 95% of the people I meet are totally cool with my history.

And I'm a felon.

I'm sure being white and articulate doesn't hurt though, but I know a lot of heroin addicts that look just like me."
3749,"You 100% need a 2nd account for ""normy"" sub reddits if you want to be considered a non addict.",It’s ridiculous though. Why won’t reddit remove that feature or make disable an option?
3750,It’s ridiculous though. Why won’t reddit remove that feature or make disable an option?,I wish
3751,"You 100% need a 2nd account for ""normy"" sub reddits if you want to be considered a non addict.",Or you can just go full addict on the sub reddits. Some reason this works well for me. It's like I preemptively stopped them from trying to insult me about my addiction.
3752,Or you can just go full addict on the sub reddits. Some reason this works well for me. It's like I preemptively stopped them from trying to insult me about my addiction.,"It's because cyber bullying is exactly what it sounds like.

Bullying in a different form. Follows same conventional standards. You laugh at yourself before they think they can hurt you.

It's the same way a joke about waking up to a rat at the end of my bed in a rehab once is a funny story to me and probably like 70% of ya'll, but mortifying and probably 'embarassing' for them."
3753,Or you can just go full addict on the sub reddits. Some reason this works well for me. It's like I preemptively stopped them from trying to insult me about my addiction.,"Right on brother own that shit!  If they think your proud to be an addict or at least comfortable with it they can't try to shame you or discredit your opinion.

The  ignoramus will have to come up with a intelligent argument rather than the retards fall back of personal attack  so often used when   some one is losing  dialectic reasoning."
3754,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"abso fuckin lutely :/

Its like you get discredited automatically"
3755,"abso fuckin lutely :/

Its like you get discredited automatically","Best thing to do is be open about it when someone tries to use it against you, spill your soul a little whilst not getting mad or retaliating - it actually highlights their arsehole behavior beautifully. 

>*""Although it is not relevant to this discussion, yes I am open about being a \[X\] user, I've been struggling with addiction for \[X\]  years, I had a lot of pain in my life after certain events beyond my control, but I' own the fact I have a problem and I'm working on it. Frankly it hurts and even sets me back when people creep through my history just to use my struggles against me.""*"
3756,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Post stalkin creeps imho
3757,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I only met withdrawals through ""legal use"" I.e. prescription. Let them come crawling for advice when they've survived a car crash or whatever:

Also I'm grateful for the recreational drug users through history who kept up an awareness of which plants did what etc. Legal status means nothing more than  social acceptence, or medical guidance to people who xant figure out for themselves and need looking after by various authorities. but if drug users hadn't kept this information available, science wouldn't have a foundation to work from in developing them. This cant be any clearer. Every legal user saved from pain owes that to ""a junky"" IMO. Weak minds easily forget this and invent separate stories for users based solely on legal status. Fuck that. I've seen friends die on the street, but worse, I've watched family spend the last month of their life in a hospital bed doped up on diamorphine and had the haunting suspicion the doctors do this not for the patient but for the patients family. You know, the same chemical, but its only junkies when its self prescribed and bought from a dealer.

On the other hand I dont think people need to respect any form of glamorisation of recreational use of any drug, alcohol included. For me, drugs are best felt but not seen..."
3758,"I only met withdrawals through ""legal use"" I.e. prescription. Let them come crawling for advice when they've survived a car crash or whatever:

Also I'm grateful for the recreational drug users through history who kept up an awareness of which plants did what etc. Legal status means nothing more than  social acceptence, or medical guidance to people who xant figure out for themselves and need looking after by various authorities. but if drug users hadn't kept this information available, science wouldn't have a foundation to work from in developing them. This cant be any clearer. Every legal user saved from pain owes that to ""a junky"" IMO. Weak minds easily forget this and invent separate stories for users based solely on legal status. Fuck that. I've seen friends die on the street, but worse, I've watched family spend the last month of their life in a hospital bed doped up on diamorphine and had the haunting suspicion the doctors do this not for the patient but for the patients family. You know, the same chemical, but its only junkies when its self prescribed and bought from a dealer.

On the other hand I dont think people need to respect any form of glamorisation of recreational use of any drug, alcohol included. For me, drugs are best felt but not seen...","BTW paragraph 2 is talking about dumb people through history who would've liked to completely erase the drug from society/public knowledge. Imagine how that would've affected modern medicine etc etc

Kill the dog to spite the fleas"
3759,"I only met withdrawals through ""legal use"" I.e. prescription. Let them come crawling for advice when they've survived a car crash or whatever:

Also I'm grateful for the recreational drug users through history who kept up an awareness of which plants did what etc. Legal status means nothing more than  social acceptence, or medical guidance to people who xant figure out for themselves and need looking after by various authorities. but if drug users hadn't kept this information available, science wouldn't have a foundation to work from in developing them. This cant be any clearer. Every legal user saved from pain owes that to ""a junky"" IMO. Weak minds easily forget this and invent separate stories for users based solely on legal status. Fuck that. I've seen friends die on the street, but worse, I've watched family spend the last month of their life in a hospital bed doped up on diamorphine and had the haunting suspicion the doctors do this not for the patient but for the patients family. You know, the same chemical, but its only junkies when its self prescribed and bought from a dealer.

On the other hand I dont think people need to respect any form of glamorisation of recreational use of any drug, alcohol included. For me, drugs are best felt but not seen...","I’ve actually read up on this because at one point I was wondering how drugs became illegal. There really weren’t any bans on any plants/drugs/medicines until the early-mid 20th century. Before then there were unregulated patent medicines that people and companies made for various purposes with random ingredients and that’s where those pics of like “dr Schaffer’s coffee syrup” pop up from and the ingredients are cocaine, morphine and thc lol"
3760,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I got tired of it so I made another account. I was tired of being discredited just because I comment on this sub. I'm definitely dependent, and I enjoy opiates, but I'm also a cancer patient who takes them for pain management. Anyway, I made another account for any ""serious"" conversation."
3761,Does this shit happen to all of us?,I dont care what some random on the internet has to say to me. I care about what the people who are actually important to me think about me. Everyone else is irrelevant. Screw em
3762,I dont care what some random on the internet has to say to me. I care about what the people who are actually important to me think about me. Everyone else is irrelevant. Screw em,"^This. People on other subs check my posts and see my pics with heroin and crack and act as though they just discovered a shameful secret that would cause me to crumble upon it's mention.

People on here only know what I want them to, if I had an issue with them knowing I'm a drug addict I wouldn't be fuckin' posting freely about it!"
3763,"^This. People on other subs check my posts and see my pics with heroin and crack and act as though they just discovered a shameful secret that would cause me to crumble upon it's mention.

People on here only know what I want them to, if I had an issue with them knowing I'm a drug addict I wouldn't be fuckin' posting freely about it!","Exactly. People think it's insult when they call me an addict lol. It's like ""bitch, tell me something I don't know""."
3764,"Exactly. People think it's insult when they call me an addict lol. It's like ""bitch, tell me something I don't know"".",People love a soap box to preach from. Makes em feel better about their own fucked up shit.
3765,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Screw what others think!
3766,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"100% have noticed.  I definitely, basically, do not comment or post elsewhere due to this."
3767,"100% have noticed.  I definitely, basically, do not comment or post elsewhere due to this.",":( You shouldn't let these turd flinging bonobos stop you from going places. If you ever need backup on someone using drugs against you on Reddit, I'm only a message and possibly a few timezones away from assisting with a snarky paragraph of two :P"
3768,":( You shouldn't let these turd flinging bonobos stop you from going places. If you ever need backup on someone using drugs against you on Reddit, I'm only a message and possibly a few timezones away from assisting with a snarky paragraph of two :P","Haha right on friend thank you!!!  I do try to not let it stop me as this is totally anonymous for me anyways but, it's just sad to deal with.  I'll def keep your offer in mind!!! Hope you have an awesome and noddy Sunday!!!✌😎🤪"
3769,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"99% of people don't know what they are doing in the world, just keep that in mind. When someone is so poisonous it's because they really are not secure in what they're doing at all, even if they are successful, it's actually that they are so self-conscious that they can't feel accomplished. They don't have the strength to have faith in something they build themselves unless someone else tells them it's great, but they're always in denial about their weakness, so they spend all their time breaking other people down and thinking about how successful and strong they are compared to others. It takes a miracle to make a reasonable person, so don't feel bad about anyone being a dickhead, just keep looking for like minds.

&#x200B;

I can't help but feel bad for people like that honestly because they actually get the least joy out of life, even though it's beyond them to be able to consider the idea. Plus they probably are just totally pathetic losers who don't even have the ability to find drugs."
3770,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"2 things:

* If they're so lame that they have to look at your history, you won the argument. I'm sure there's going to be a 'reddit law' similar to 'godwins law' at some point. Although maybe not. Reddit seems to be populated with some of the lamest garbage people alive. This is the only subreddit with any real human beings. 
* You probably shouldn't be arguing with people on the internet. There are much better things to do with your time. You're not going to convince 99% of the people. They're in their own bubble. If you're going to have a discussion, and they get nasty, just point out that they are just being an asshole and step away.   Also, for people who grew up on the internet, this shit is real. Most boomers and gen-xers, for the most part, consider people on the internet as not real. Just 1s and 0s. This is a healthier attitude to have."
3771,"2 things:

* If they're so lame that they have to look at your history, you won the argument. I'm sure there's going to be a 'reddit law' similar to 'godwins law' at some point. Although maybe not. Reddit seems to be populated with some of the lamest garbage people alive. This is the only subreddit with any real human beings. 
* You probably shouldn't be arguing with people on the internet. There are much better things to do with your time. You're not going to convince 99% of the people. They're in their own bubble. If you're going to have a discussion, and they get nasty, just point out that they are just being an asshole and step away.   Also, for people who grew up on the internet, this shit is real. Most boomers and gen-xers, for the most part, consider people on the internet as not real. Just 1s and 0s. This is a healthier attitude to have.",Ya I agree. If they've stooped to digging through your post history you've obviously gotten under their skin.
3772,"2 things:

* If they're so lame that they have to look at your history, you won the argument. I'm sure there's going to be a 'reddit law' similar to 'godwins law' at some point. Although maybe not. Reddit seems to be populated with some of the lamest garbage people alive. This is the only subreddit with any real human beings. 
* You probably shouldn't be arguing with people on the internet. There are much better things to do with your time. You're not going to convince 99% of the people. They're in their own bubble. If you're going to have a discussion, and they get nasty, just point out that they are just being an asshole and step away.   Also, for people who grew up on the internet, this shit is real. Most boomers and gen-xers, for the most part, consider people on the internet as not real. Just 1s and 0s. This is a healthier attitude to have.","When someone says something mean to me, it's never because I was arguing.  L comment something related to whatever the post was intended for... Then I'm basically told my opinion means nothing because I shoot heroin.  So I say thanks God bless and move on with my day.  Lol"
3773,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"If you just use a username like mine, then there are no secrets. Therefore nothing they can dig up from your post history!    
    
But in all seriousness, this is an alt I just created because all of my other alts have slowly become ""normie"" accounts. Can't make that mistake with this one!"
3774,"If you just use a username like mine, then there are no secrets. Therefore nothing they can dig up from your post history!    
    
But in all seriousness, this is an alt I just created because all of my other alts have slowly become ""normie"" accounts. Can't make that mistake with this one!",Ahh like Eminem on 8 mile pre-exposing his dirt.  Brilliant
3775,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I don't know  I've used this account for basically everything for years. I must be lucky, or maybe it's because I haven't really posted anything meaningful here in a while."
3776,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"That is terrible, I personally haven’t experienced it yet, but I also do post a whole lot, and have only had this alt for about a year because I forgot the login and password to my old reddit account like a dummy lol. But seriously tho that’s crappy and I’m sorry you get treated that way... drugs are drugs, but irrelevant to the love I’m sure you give your kids... people shouldn’t judge unless they know the full story, and even then it’s not right unless it concerns them. But unfortunately the internet has bred generation after generation of armchair quarterbacks and keyboard evangelicals to shove their social justice and pc rederic down your throat and ear holes whether you want it or not. Just try not to let it get to you, and or definitely use an alt!! Good luck, one love!"
3777,"That is terrible, I personally haven’t experienced it yet, but I also do post a whole lot, and have only had this alt for about a year because I forgot the login and password to my old reddit account like a dummy lol. But seriously tho that’s crappy and I’m sorry you get treated that way... drugs are drugs, but irrelevant to the love I’m sure you give your kids... people shouldn’t judge unless they know the full story, and even then it’s not right unless it concerns them. But unfortunately the internet has bred generation after generation of armchair quarterbacks and keyboard evangelicals to shove their social justice and pc rederic down your throat and ear holes whether you want it or not. Just try not to let it get to you, and or definitely use an alt!! Good luck, one love!",Thanks.  I wish I could give you an award.  I love this response.
3778,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Yes, they think they know everything and we are forced to take a backseat cause we love to zone out of dealing with dicks like that in the first place."
3779,"Yes, they think they know everything and we are forced to take a backseat cause we love to zone out of dealing with dicks like that in the first place.",Ha! Right?!
3780,Ha! Right?!,No right to a conclusion without evidence and experience. Not one on its own.
3781,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"It’s weird, but I’ve never had anyone bring up anything specific from my post history (yet). Even though I get in arguments pretty often lol."
3782,"It’s weird, but I’ve never had anyone bring up anything specific from my post history (yet). Even though I get in arguments pretty often lol.",Consider yourself lucky
3783,Consider yourself lucky,"Actually I do. I know there’s enough on there that I can get shit for, I’m just fortunate no one has thought to do that yet. I don’t know why people do that shit."
3784,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I’ve never had someone use my post history against me in an argument, but I do t even look at any “serious” subreddits really. Mostly r/RPClipsGTA (bunch of very talented people role playing characters on a modded GTA 5 server like r/NoPixel). It always seems like that person cares way too much about a video game that they are not, and will never ever, have any chance of making the tiniest impact on(NoPixel is very popular and VERY exclusive). Usually can weed out the angry/angsty 12 year olds and either disregard or block them. 

In any sub, if someone checks a person’s post history for ammo in an argument I count it as a win for the person who had their profile checked.

Side note: if you are looking for something to watch and want to get sucked into the most in depth, continuous soap opera that is on 24/7 365, check out r/RPClipsGTA , watch a few clips, find a streamer you like, and dive into watching. The community is one of the best I’ve ever seen, even with the built in twitch chat/internet toxicity that has been around since the beginning of time.

Edit: fixed subreddit link"
3785,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Interesting, I had this EXACT thing happen a couple of weeks ago, and this ALSO started as my opiates throwaway. I'm a married father with a corporate job, chronic pain from a destroyed knee, and a cancer diagnosis, so I explained that the meds I take are prescribed by a Dr (plus some from the dark net, since my script is being reduced and was never really enough anyhow).

The response? All made up, I'm a junkie in a basement, should kill myself. Good times. It's not just you, people are a disease. Don't let them get you down, they probably can't even make eye contact in the real world and would literally piss in their pants if they ever met someone they had insulted online."
3786,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Damn. I only have this account and I use it for everything but I frequent drug subs mostly but I've yet to have anyone comment on the fact I'm an addict. I mean I've been sober for almost a year but I really don't care about hiding the fact that I was a massive junk box in the past.
3787,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"bc if you're not an addict (addicted to illegal substances) or educated about addiction, then they dont understand. and the people that comment shit like that are most likely the people addicted to food, cigarettes, alcohol, etc and they still think they're better than us. bc they're uneducated."
3788,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Haha, this is hilarious. It just means they have no other way to counter you, than attacking you personally cause you use opioids.. It means you've won the argument"
3789,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"well half the country supports Trump, so I just think everyone is retarded and not worth my time."
3790,"well half the country supports Trump, so I just think everyone is retarded and not worth my time.",Trump is doing great. He’ll be gone in 5 years. He’s not the drug President we need but he’s Fkn hilarious 😂
3791,Trump is doing great. He’ll be gone in 5 years. He’s not the drug President we need but he’s Fkn hilarious 😂,"He would be if this wasn't real life, I wouldn't trust that guy to empty my trash tho."
3792,Trump is doing great. He’ll be gone in 5 years. He’s not the drug President we need but he’s Fkn hilarious 😂,....
3793,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"What kind of subs are you commenting on that people say these things? Is it during a disagreement or just out of nowhere? That behavior is mean, lazy and immature. Pay no attention. I really don’t understand/hate the Browse History feature."
3794,"What kind of subs are you commenting on that people say these things? Is it during a disagreement or just out of nowhere? That behavior is mean, lazy and immature. Pay no attention. I really don’t understand/hate the Browse History feature.",The parenting subs are fucking awful with this. I've learned to just lurk. I already don't have custody for other reasons. I don't know what else they want.
3795,The parenting subs are fucking awful with this. I've learned to just lurk. I already don't have custody for other reasons. I don't know what else they want.,"I’ve been lucky so far on parenting subs but I stay out of most controversy. All of the uninformed judgement is BS. Again, really hate the post history feature and wish it could disable."
3796,"I’ve been lucky so far on parenting subs but I stay out of most controversy. All of the uninformed judgement is BS. Again, really hate the post history feature and wish it could disable.",I recently deleted my facebook because drama follows me everywhere so I'm SOL for parenting tips. I want to be a better dad. I've changed a lot the past ten years and people still hate me. I didn't even have any depressed junkie bullshit on my FB.
3797,"What kind of subs are you commenting on that people say these things? Is it during a disagreement or just out of nowhere? That behavior is mean, lazy and immature. Pay no attention. I really don’t understand/hate the Browse History feature.","Any and every.  And I'm not even saying mean comments.  Someone found me on like askdocs and said something hateful then went to pics I posted on opiatechurch and flamed the shit out of me.  Literally anything I post anywhere, someone disagrees and says ""well that's because you're a junkie""."
3798,"Any and every.  And I'm not even saying mean comments.  Someone found me on like askdocs and said something hateful then went to pics I posted on opiatechurch and flamed the shit out of me.  Literally anything I post anywhere, someone disagrees and says ""well that's because you're a junkie"".",Wow. That’s an awful way to treat someone. Especially someone in a vulnerable or fragile state.
3799,"What kind of subs are you commenting on that people say these things? Is it during a disagreement or just out of nowhere? That behavior is mean, lazy and immature. Pay no attention. I really don’t understand/hate the Browse History feature.",A wide variety.  No arguments just a normal comment related to whatever the post is about
3800,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Yep
3801,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I’ve had a few issues with it. Doesn’t worry me though. I think it’s pathetic to look at someone’s post history and look for dirt because you disagree with them. I’m in my mid 30s now and I’m doing pretty well for myself. People can say whatever they want, it doesn’t change the great things I have in my life. I have a beautiful wife who I’m madly in love with after 9 years of marriage. I have the best young daughter in the world. I’m not a perfect person but I’ve accomplished quite a bit in my life and I’m confident. So fuck what anyone else says. Everyone has to figure out how to make life work for themselves."
3802,Does this shit happen to all of us?,I was in the computational physics sub and I had a different opinion on an theory. First response from the guy was go suck a cock junky..🙄
3803,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Yeah and I tell them if I felt shame about it I wouldn't have posted about it in the first place so they can fuck off with their holier-than-thou crap.
3804,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Yup, it's there only defense when it has nothing to do with the convo.  I was called a broke homeless junky - I have plenty of money, a home,  and nothing ive ever posted would indicate either
Fuck People"
3805,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I hate people like that. I am somewhat well spoken, and can type in a decent way, as far as being able to express my opinions, but god damn does it suck when people just assume I'm an idiot because I'm an addict. Like, they read some of the opiate subs posts and all of a sudden they know how to cure me. If I don't know how to ""cure"" myself then I don't know what the fuck it is. Anyways I hope you got the answers you were looking for, but if not, you can always ask me?:) Lol"
3806,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"yeah I learned relatively quickly after first joining the sub that you need an alternate username if you plan on engaging in any kind of civilized discussions on any of of the ""normie"" subs."
3807,Does this shit happen to all of us?,I wonder if anyone has won some sort of random contest or giveaway and was NOT given the prize due to past comment history showing that person is a heroin user. I'm sure it has happened.
3808,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Yup!
3809,Does this shit happen to all of us?,Yeah....but then I just ban their ass on the needle sub :P
3810,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"anyone leveling personal attacks at anonymous strangers on the internet is a very troubled, insecure, and ""little"" person.  it has nothing to do with the other person and is mainly about their own mental issues.  

because they have their own set of flaws and insecurities and it makes them feel better to look at other people's flaws and think that they are better than those other people.  its human nature and extends beyond drugs."
3811,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I've never personally had it happen to me, purely because I just tend to stay out of arguments because I can't be bothered, some people will just never see reason. I've seen it happen countless times to others though, and not even just for drug subs, people always love to drag others post history when they're losing an argument, absolute morons. Half the time I wish you could make your comment history private."
3812,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"People do it all the time in real life too so reddit is just an extension of that..

If your having a disagreement or something has gone down bad, the finger is always pointed!!

You junkie, druggie scum, you low life..

Like your sub human not a person with a story, nearly always a sad story that some bad shit went down in your life at some stage. Some shit you couldn't control or choose..

Thats what gets me  that your seen as less than human, worthless and weak.

So we got to own it man then there's no power in labeling you a junkie"
3813,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I mean from the outside looking in.....I got clean years ago. (5) But imagine how you look to them, you'd all steal from your families to get more. You spend all of your money on dope and most likely live in squalor, so yeah nobody really respects you or has any respect somebody who cant get there shit together enough to get off pills how are you gonna argue with somebody on politics. You're invalidating yourself, you cant blame people for not taking you seriously. Do you even take yourself seriously? When you tell yourself you'll quit? You know you wont. These people have probably all dealt with one of us and we've proven to he shitheads, so now you cant be an open loser in society so you come to your opiate echo chamber for solace. But you're still a junky. I felt compelled to visit this subreddit just to tell you this. God this is a dark place that I dont miss one part of."
3814,"I mean from the outside looking in.....I got clean years ago. (5) But imagine how you look to them, you'd all steal from your families to get more. You spend all of your money on dope and most likely live in squalor, so yeah nobody really respects you or has any respect somebody who cant get there shit together enough to get off pills how are you gonna argue with somebody on politics. You're invalidating yourself, you cant blame people for not taking you seriously. Do you even take yourself seriously? When you tell yourself you'll quit? You know you wont. These people have probably all dealt with one of us and we've proven to he shitheads, so now you cant be an open loser in society so you come to your opiate echo chamber for solace. But you're still a junky. I felt compelled to visit this subreddit just to tell you this. God this is a dark place that I dont miss one part of.",[deleted]
3815,"I mean from the outside looking in.....I got clean years ago. (5) But imagine how you look to them, you'd all steal from your families to get more. You spend all of your money on dope and most likely live in squalor, so yeah nobody really respects you or has any respect somebody who cant get there shit together enough to get off pills how are you gonna argue with somebody on politics. You're invalidating yourself, you cant blame people for not taking you seriously. Do you even take yourself seriously? When you tell yourself you'll quit? You know you wont. These people have probably all dealt with one of us and we've proven to he shitheads, so now you cant be an open loser in society so you come to your opiate echo chamber for solace. But you're still a junky. I felt compelled to visit this subreddit just to tell you this. God this is a dark place that I dont miss one part of.","I was you once with 5 years clean thinking I was unstoppable and if never run Into a relapse. And then I relapsed.  But I have not robbed anyone.  I don't live in squalor.  I live in a brand new 240k$ home my husband and I purchased together in a wonderful neighborhood, with our new cars parked outside.  I do not spend all of my money on drugs.  My bills get paid, my kids needs always are met, and funding my habit comes last., Never first.  And don't worry, you're still a junkie too, my friend.  You always will be."
3816,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"lol, yes, all the time. But it is important to look at it objectively and not take it personally... it says far more about them than us.

Firstly they hold disgusting, shameful opinions, dehumanizing people with addiction is dehumanizing an enormous chunk of humanity, because many people will have a struggle with addiction at some point, odds are they even know someone who has or has previously been affected by addiction. Dehumanization is the gateway abhorrent human evil, people dehumanize others before they do things like lynching black people, gassing Jewish people, so... yeah...

Second I'm going say they are weak, weak willed, weak arguments, weak everything. They have been totally conditioned by anti-drug propaganda (weak critical thinking skills), they are filled with hate, due to ignorance, they can't form a valid argument (their cognitive minds are weak).

Third. They lack moral fortitude, integrity, basic decency etc. So, when you guys are disagreeing on the cutest age range of kittens, they *creep* into your history and try to hurt you with something from your life that they know many people find painful.

Fourth, they're dumb. Tending not to be bright people at all - based on my experience that's a noticeable trait and not a just a baseless insult. I genuinely believe they have a below average intelligence, but also very sub-normal emotional intelligence.

I could go on and on, but it is common, it is sad, humanity can cause many a sigh, many a rolled eyeball, but I'd trade a heroin addiction that I can overcome than being stuck as somebody that stupid, disgusting, creepy, that mean spirited and soulless. They cannot be happy people, it grosses me out thinking about them.

I've even had my sister, who falls very much into the weak minded camp, use my drug use against me to 'win' an argument or add weight to her child-like attempts to get her own way on family issues. I opened up about my drug use a couple of years ago and I had a LOT of really nasty discrimination from people close to me, but it strengthened my good relationships too.. I'm going off on a tangent, sorry:

# Illegitimi non carborundum!!"
3817,Does this shit happen to all of us?,I was told in the middle of a drivers Ed class in high school that someone wished I had ODd. It’s ok though because the kid had fetal alcohol syndrome and tried to flirt with the girl in front of him by pulling her hair and putting her in a headlock.
3818,I was told in the middle of a drivers Ed class in high school that someone wished I had ODd. It’s ok though because the kid had fetal alcohol syndrome and tried to flirt with the girl in front of him by pulling her hair and putting her in a headlock.,Lol is it wrong that I laughed at the second part of this??
3819,Lol is it wrong that I laughed at the second part of this??,I was hoping you would lol
3820,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I thought I would but Ive been lucky so far, maybe because im not very active on this account"
3821,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"I really haven't had this happen besides maybe a snide comment once or twice (like UN checks out)...

Perhaps it depends on what type of subreddit you post on."
3822,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Your reply is more than enough, ty! And best of luck from here on out!"
3823,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Nah, I actually usually get a “sweet username bro” and have people open up to me. I guess I start with low expectations and don’t get people like that, the shitty post history detectives, invested to begin with."
3824,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"It's the easy way for them to win their argument. It's like the same thing as being 5 years old on the playground and calling the other kid fat and stupid. They don't know any better so they use the easy material to ""win"" their proud POV."
3825,Does this shit happen to all of us?,"Yep, they always try to throw that in your face even when it's completely irrelevant to the disagreement you're having. I've considered making an alt just because of that shit."
3826,My friend is doing the ibogaine treatment?,"Works two ways: 1rst it kind of cleans some receptors so no bodily withdrawals symptoms are present after the treatment (success rate roughly 80%) and 2nd it sends your soul on a ""life-review"" kinda trip so one can see which deep issues are still causing pain. And yes it lasts up to 3 days and nearly immobilizes the patient.   
**It is important for your friend to undergo some cardiac testing before taking the trip (usually done in the clinics, if not they require it, when responsible) cause Iboga can be lethal for people with special heart conditions!**

All in all it is a fantastic kickstart into sobriety, but no magic bullet – the work of getting back into life and dealing with old pain and staying healthy etc. is still to be done by oneself"
3827,My friend is doing the ibogaine treatment?,"Ibogaine is a tortuous 2 days that apparently resets your brain from before addiction. It has the highest success rate for sobriety by opiates I believe. I’m butchering it and someone can fill in what I butchered but that’s the gist.

Happy cake day"
3828,"Ibogaine is a tortuous 2 days that apparently resets your brain from before addiction. It has the highest success rate for sobriety by opiates I believe. I’m butchering it and someone can fill in what I butchered but that’s the gist.

Happy cake day",Oh ok I see . That’s good right. U ever hear of ppl relapsing after this treatment? Most of the time do the patients make it thru this type of treatment ? What are the negative side effects?
3829,Oh ok I see . That’s good right. U ever hear of ppl relapsing after this treatment? Most of the time do the patients make it thru this type of treatment ? What are the negative side effects?,"One negative side effect is that ibogaine can just straight up kill some people and we don't know why.

[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188)"
3830,"One negative side effect is that ibogaine can just straight up kill some people and we don't know why.

[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188)",Didn’t know that thank you!
3831,"One negative side effect is that ibogaine can just straight up kill some people and we don't know why.

[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16698188)","apparently this is due to heart defects?  I don't think I've heard of anyone dying who had a normal heart ecg. I've had a normal ECG, Ibogaine intrigues me but tbh  half of me is terrified and the other half feels it is too good to be true.  

Plus I've read many stories of people who got clean on it for half a year and then relapsed - 6 months tends to be the relapse point from ibogaine.   For me paying all that cash to go to Mexico from Europe is too much; but I'd like to try a home ibogaine detox (if I had a sitter...)"
3832,My friend is doing the ibogaine treatment?,"I’ve heard from some who have family members who did it and the results were/have been excellent and none have relapsed and they didn’t have any horror stories but just said it was intense and reminded me that as addicts they were always looking for a quick fix and assumed (incorrectly) that Ibogaine was that quick fix bc after the treatment, they still had to find a support system and stay clean."
3833,Pregablin (Lyrica) dosage for WDs. Is it okay to empty a pill and do half?,Yeh course it’s ok to do that 😂
3834,Pregablin (Lyrica) dosage for WDs. Is it okay to empty a pill and do half?,200-300 mg wouldnt reccomend doing more than that if you have no tolerance someone told me to do 600 mg the first time I took lyrica and felt like shit thought there was a ghost in my room and felt super nauseous. A week later I took 300 mg and felt amazing. Sedating and euphoric.
3835,I got some opium. I'm a heroin/fentanyl addict with about a half gram a day habit. Will it do anything for me?,You're better off flipping it honestly
3836,I got some opium. I'm a heroin/fentanyl addict with about a half gram a day habit. Will it do anything for me?,Probably not.
3837,I got some opium. I'm a heroin/fentanyl addict with about a half gram a day habit. Will it do anything for me?,I love opium more than H but I never had a big H habit. Opium is dirt cheap and lasts a lot longer when done orally. I use it 2-3 times a month and it lasts all day and into the next day but once your tolerance hits a certain level it wont really do much to you but it will be worth keeping around just to mitigate WD. I find opium really strong and heightens my tolerance really quick but like I said I never really had a H habit. The withdrawal also cucked more than a H withdrawal IME(but the longest I binged H for was around 2 weeks - 2 weeks of the tea fucking ruined me)
3838,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"everything is heightened during WD— smell, touch, eyesight, etc. it’s horrible lol I can feel all the breezes on my skin, lights are brighter, all that good shit"
3839,"everything is heightened during WD— smell, touch, eyesight, etc. it’s horrible lol I can feel all the breezes on my skin, lights are brighter, all that good shit",Uuuggghhhhh the breezes on the skin are horrible. It's like the weather seeps into your core and I exist as millions of tiny goosebumps.
3840,"everything is heightened during WD— smell, touch, eyesight, etc. it’s horrible lol I can feel all the breezes on my skin, lights are brighter, all that good shit",It's actually grown to be one of my least favourite symptoms along with the abnormal salivation and dry heaving bile. Does it also feel cold and dull when you breath in through your nose?
3841,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,First thing I notice is cigarettes start tasting kinda off
3842,First thing I notice is cigarettes start tasting kinda off,Don't even get me started on lighting a cig and putting it out halfway because of how unbearably disgusting it is.
3843,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,Yea. It is unfortunate.
3844,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,I don’t get the irritated nasal passage tho. Don’t snort
3845,I don’t get the irritated nasal passage tho. Don’t snort,"Happy cake day stranger 🍰😊by the way, does it also make you retch after a while of that ultra-smell sensation?"
3846,"Happy cake day stranger 🍰😊by the way, does it also make you retch after a while of that ultra-smell sensation?","Hey thanks stranger! Um, yeah if the smell of something gnarly is picked up by my nose, I will gag. But not everything will cause it. It is mostly the smell of myself in WD that causes a sickly feeling in me, personally."
3847,"Hey thanks stranger! Um, yeah if the smell of something gnarly is picked up by my nose, I will gag. But not everything will cause it. It is mostly the smell of myself in WD that causes a sickly feeling in me, personally.",True that dude. I seem to be more aware of my own smell during WD to the point where it makes me feel ill.
3848,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,i get this terribly scratchy feeling in the back of my throat when i breathe in and it hurts so bad i cough until i gag. it sucks.
3849,i get this terribly scratchy feeling in the back of my throat when i breathe in and it hurts so bad i cough until i gag. it sucks.,"Oh shit! Does it also start happening immediately after that first bit of stomach acid hits your throat and then breathing in and out makes your  throat feel like it's been sliced with razors numerous times? Because that's literally what causes me to choke and gag, and eventually start puking bile. That is of course - if the constant swallowing of saliva hasn't upset my stomach yet. I'll literally have to take a small sip of water almost every time I have to breath in to avoid gagging and being sent into an agonizing spiral of dry heaving until I have intense stomach aches for days after."
3850,"Oh shit! Does it also start happening immediately after that first bit of stomach acid hits your throat and then breathing in and out makes your  throat feel like it's been sliced with razors numerous times? Because that's literally what causes me to choke and gag, and eventually start puking bile. That is of course - if the constant swallowing of saliva hasn't upset my stomach yet. I'll literally have to take a small sip of water almost every time I have to breath in to avoid gagging and being sent into an agonizing spiral of dry heaving until I have intense stomach aches for days after.",i think its bc i drool so much and my nose runs and then it starts happening. its like the pills i snort coat the back of my throat and then when im ill and dont have anything it gets all scratchy and painful. im sure thats not whats happening but thats what it seems like.
3851,i get this terribly scratchy feeling in the back of my throat when i breathe in and it hurts so bad i cough until i gag. it sucks.,"Do you snort your DOC? I think it might be that, whenever I stop snorting and take my bupe sublingually my throat and sinuses take a few days to not be fucked."
3852,"Do you snort your DOC? I think it might be that, whenever I stop snorting and take my bupe sublingually my throat and sinuses take a few days to not be fucked.",Yep
3853,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"Oh to an extreme. And taste, an apple will be so sour it makes my eyes water"
3854,"Oh to an extreme. And taste, an apple will be so sour it makes my eyes water",What was your DOC and ROA?
3855,What was your DOC and ROA?,Was the same from oxies to shooting heroin
3856,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"I IV and when i w/d i start feeling like i can really smell the air, and its crispness. If that makes any sense, lol, not to be faux/poetic or anything"
3857,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"Yea the smells are terrible absolutely hate it. When I know I'm in for a kick soon I will wash all my blankets, sheets, clothes, move everything non essential out of my room and clean it, start lighting candles. I still can smell something nasty from somewhere Everytime. But it does help some"
3858,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"Oh God yes. I'm an IV user and first thing I would do every morning (when I was using heavily) was wake up in WD, prep my shot, throw up from the smell of vinegar, and then get right.  Vinegar was always present (got mostly tar then) but any strong smell would make me blow chunks unfortunately!"
3859,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,Yes
3860,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"I haven’t snorted dope in 3 years but still my nose is the first to act up. I don’t think it matters really. Even reading old stories of people who ate opium and laudanum, they still had nose problems."
3861,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,Oh absolutely. Its very prominent.
3862,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,Especially in the Morning time but that might just be me
3863,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,"Yep.was in methadone withdrawal, and kept smelling battery acid. Come to find out, the old man had a battery charger in the next room. I'm asking him if something is wrong with it? And can he smell the acid? No, he couldnt. It was so strong it was unbelievable."
3864,Does anybody else have a really heightened sense of smell in withdrawal?,Yup! More often than not things smell really off and even slightly unpleasant smells can really put me off and make me nauseous.
3865,Yup! More often than not things smell really off and even slightly unpleasant smells can really put me off and make me nauseous.,What was your DOC and ROA?
3866,What was your DOC and ROA?,"When I was shooting fent I would get the spits and then start puking my life away. Smells came back extremely strong and everything would spiral downhill from there. My first symptoms were always the spits, throwing up, and then all the bullshit that follows. I know exactly what you’re talking about. The only thing to ever stop me from throwing up constantly was IV Zofran at the hospital."
3867,What was your DOC and ROA?,"Last few years mostly buprenorphine, with a lot of snorting, so that is likely a big part of it. My sinuses hate me :/

But in the past when I never snorted and used mostly morphine it was still noticeable."
3868,"Last few years mostly buprenorphine, with a lot of snorting, so that is likely a big part of it. My sinuses hate me :/

But in the past when I never snorted and used mostly morphine it was still noticeable.","The main reason I started this thread is because I wanted to know if it happened to people who used other methods of administration, and I got my answer, thanks for your input bud :) did it also cause you to retch eventually?"
3869,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,"Yes, try tying it up! And are you injecting the needle with the hole up?"
3870,"Yes, try tying it up! And are you injecting the needle with the hole up?",Yep I always make sure the bevel / sharp end is the right way going in. Do you usually pull back to see blood as soon as you put the needle in?
3871,Yep I always make sure the bevel / sharp end is the right way going in. Do you usually pull back to see blood as soon as you put the needle in?,"if you pull the plunger back like as you go in, it creates a good pressure so when you’re in it will flood immediately. i never went back to pulling back multiple times as i tried to register. i have “bad but good” veins too :/"
3872,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,"Tie off to keep the veins still and nice and visible

Push tip of needle in to just break skin

Pull back so there’s air bubble in rig

Push needle as far in as needed until it fills with blood

Get the juicy goodness inside

Untie

Smile 👍🏻"
3873,"Tie off to keep the veins still and nice and visible

Push tip of needle in to just break skin

Pull back so there’s air bubble in rig

Push needle as far in as needed until it fills with blood

Get the juicy goodness inside

Untie

Smile 👍🏻",Is it okay to inject while still tied off? I’ve heard both sides of that argument
3874,Is it okay to inject while still tied off? I’ve heard both sides of that argument,"Haha as I was typing I couldn’t remember which way around I do it mate, and I still can’t remember right now 😂😂😂 I think I inject after taking off the tourniquet, fuck Iv only just done a shot aswel!!! 😂"
3875,"Haha as I was typing I couldn’t remember which way around I do it mate, and I still can’t remember right now 😂😂😂 I think I inject after taking off the tourniquet, fuck Iv only just done a shot aswel!!! 😂","Do you need to tie it in a slip knot? Cuz when I tie off with a shirt or something, I don’t know an easy knot to undo. Gotta refer back to the harm reduction IV guide lol"
3876,"Do you need to tie it in a slip knot? Cuz when I tie off with a shirt or something, I don’t know an easy knot to undo. Gotta refer back to the harm reduction IV guide lol","I use a belt still dude. It’s just easy. I do have a proper tourniquet like they use in hospitals, but I can’t use it very well with one arm, so a belt is easy as pie"
3877,"I use a belt still dude. It’s just easy. I do have a proper tourniquet like they use in hospitals, but I can’t use it very well with one arm, so a belt is easy as pie",How do you use the belt? Is it as straight forward as I’m thinkin’?
3878,How do you use the belt? Is it as straight forward as I’m thinkin’?,"Yeh probably 😂 put it on my arm as if it was going round my waist, use mouth and pull off at a right angle and it will trap, not too hard though, then release"
3879,Is it okay to inject while still tied off? I’ve heard both sides of that argument,"Always loosen tourney before injecting, You can blow the vein otherwise. Loosen after registering."
3880,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,If your veins are big and bouncy chances are those bitches will roll into next week on ya. You’re gonna have to figure out a way to anchor the vein. I just put my arm between my knees so that I can get the skin taught.
3881,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,"Get the 100 unit rigs, first step."
3882,"Get the 100 unit rigs, first step.",What. The. Fuck. I just bought 29 gauge 100 units and registered perfectly first time. Damn I’m shocked. You rock!
3883,What. The. Fuck. I just bought 29 gauge 100 units and registered perfectly first time. Damn I’m shocked. You rock!,"Told ya 😉

People down vote the best answer. Sometimes the answer is simpler than people think. As soon as I saw that you were using those half cc rigs, I knew that was the majority of the problem."
3884,"Told ya 😉

People down vote the best answer. Sometimes the answer is simpler than people think. As soon as I saw that you were using those half cc rigs, I knew that was the majority of the problem.","Thanks again. I have some more questions. What’s the best way to draw up?

1) For some reason when I draw up into the syringe, there’s always air I accidentally draw up towards the back of the syringe. And this makes it so when I try and inject, I can’t create another air bubble to check for blood on the other side. How can I avoid this?

2) Do you just poke INTO the cotton and draw? Or THROUGH it?

3) How big should the cotton be? Should it absorb all of the solution or is it okay if it absorbs most and there’s still some in the spoon? I’ve been using cottons the size of like a pea. I notice when I’m done the cotton is still dark like I didn’t draw everything up — or is this normal?"
3885,"Get the 100 unit rigs, first step.",Wouldn’t changing the gauge help more with registering than the unit measurement?
3886,Wouldn’t changing the gauge help more with registering than the unit measurement?,"Yes that is correct. You also need adequate (negative) pressure, by pulling the plunger back while the is inserted into the skin, in order to draw blood out so you can confirm that you have successfully registered.

The small .5 cc rigs make this more difficult, especially for a beginner. And they are small, awkward, and always seem function worse than their slightly bigger cousins. Also  if you have nice, BIG, veins like you say.. There's nothing wrong with experimenting with 29 gauge syringes, you may find those easier believe it or not, with big juicy veins anyway."
3887,"Yes that is correct. You also need adequate (negative) pressure, by pulling the plunger back while the is inserted into the skin, in order to draw blood out so you can confirm that you have successfully registered.

The small .5 cc rigs make this more difficult, especially for a beginner. And they are small, awkward, and always seem function worse than their slightly bigger cousins. Also  if you have nice, BIG, veins like you say.. There's nothing wrong with experimenting with 29 gauge syringes, you may find those easier believe it or not, with big juicy veins anyway.","Thanks. Do veins eventually reappear and come back after you fucked them up too much? My main spot (crook of elbow) is scarred now and I can barely see or feel the vein now :/ 

Will I ever be able to inject there again if I give it time to heal?"
3888,"Thanks. Do veins eventually reappear and come back after you fucked them up too much? My main spot (crook of elbow) is scarred now and I can barely see or feel the vein now :/ 

Will I ever be able to inject there again if I give it time to heal?","Depends, from what you've said probably yes. Doesn't sound like you've done enough damage for it to disappear for good (yet).


Edit: there are plenty of good veins to be found btw in your bicep, to both sides of the crook of your elbow, and on the top part of the forearm. These are the easiest to find and to hit successfully imo. Find 3 or 4 and rotate them regular. You won't regret it."
3889,"Depends, from what you've said probably yes. Doesn't sound like you've done enough damage for it to disappear for good (yet).


Edit: there are plenty of good veins to be found btw in your bicep, to both sides of the crook of your elbow, and on the top part of the forearm. These are the easiest to find and to hit successfully imo. Find 3 or 4 and rotate them regular. You won't regret it.",I just switched from snorting to IV less than a month ago. Hopefully I can learn to register properly... so maybe buy some 29 gauge 100 units and that would help more?
3890,I just switched from snorting to IV less than a month ago. Hopefully I can learn to register properly... so maybe buy some 29 gauge 100 units and that would help more?,"Depends. Experiment a bit and find out what works for you. As a rule of thumb, never use the 50 unit rigs. Always 100. Try a 100.and you'll never go back. Ive never known somebody who preferred the smaller barrel, never."
3891,"Depends. Experiment a bit and find out what works for you. As a rule of thumb, never use the 50 unit rigs. Always 100. Try a 100.and you'll never go back. Ive never known somebody who preferred the smaller barrel, never.",Right on. I usually only need / use 40 or so units of water. That’s still fine with 100 unit rigs right? Or should I be using more water for say like a tenth or two in a shot? Thanks!
3892,Right on. I usually only need / use 40 or so units of water. That’s still fine with 100 unit rigs right? Or should I be using more water for say like a tenth or two in a shot? Thanks!,"That's the right amount of water. Just get the 100 unit, doesn't matter if you only use 40 units of water. Trust me on this one. I'm pretty sure there are ZERO junkies who prefer the smaller barrel. Everybody I have ever know will curse the smaller ones if for some reason they are forced to use one. There is a big difference, and to be honest I can't tell you exactly why. Trust me here and spend the couple bucks to get the 100 unit rigs, or go to your local exchange and ask for them specifically. You won't regret it, and you won't ever go back to the 50 unit rig. Hopefully it helps you solve your problems registering as well. It will be easier though regardless. I promise."
3893,"That's the right amount of water. Just get the 100 unit, doesn't matter if you only use 40 units of water. Trust me on this one. I'm pretty sure there are ZERO junkies who prefer the smaller barrel. Everybody I have ever know will curse the smaller ones if for some reason they are forced to use one. There is a big difference, and to be honest I can't tell you exactly why. Trust me here and spend the couple bucks to get the 100 unit rigs, or go to your local exchange and ask for them specifically. You won't regret it, and you won't ever go back to the 50 unit rig. Hopefully it helps you solve your problems registering as well. It will be easier though regardless. I promise.",Thank you so much. Think switching gauges would help as well? I’m using 31s.
3894,Thank you so much. Think switching gauges would help as well? I’m using 31s.,"If you have big veins, then it's very possible you will prefer the 29 gauge. If you have small veins, or are injecting into your hands, feet, wrist, forearm, then 31g will be better 99% of the time. Since you've been shooting for a month.. You should NOT use any of those places to shoot."
3895,"If you have big veins, then it's very possible you will prefer the 29 gauge. If you have small veins, or are injecting into your hands, feet, wrist, forearm, then 31g will be better 99% of the time. Since you've been shooting for a month.. You should NOT use any of those places to shoot.",Thank you so much for all the harm reduction information. Truly I appreciate it!!
3896,Thank you so much for all the harm reduction information. Truly I appreciate it!!,"My pleasure. That said, I must in good conscience at least make one comment to encourage you to turn back now and not continue down this road. Switching to the needle is usually the point where it becomes not fun anymore. Please think about it."
3897,"My pleasure. That said, I must in good conscience at least make one comment to encourage you to turn back now and not continue down this road. Switching to the needle is usually the point where it becomes not fun anymore. Please think about it.","You’re absolutely right. To add onto that, I’m getting fent for sure because I’m on sublocade (injectable long lasting bupe). And it’s breaking through. I need to quit while I’m ahead. It’s getting bad again but I was good with the subcutaneous injections for 4 months then relapsed. Now I’m risking getting kicked off the injection. Better to stop now. You’re totally right."
3898,"You’re absolutely right. To add onto that, I’m getting fent for sure because I’m on sublocade (injectable long lasting bupe). And it’s breaking through. I need to quit while I’m ahead. It’s getting bad again but I was good with the subcutaneous injections for 4 months then relapsed. Now I’m risking getting kicked off the injection. Better to stop now. You’re totally right.","There's just so many factors/variables/complications that come with the needle.  Also be honest with your prescribing doctor. Obviously the program you're on now isn't working (you graduated to the needle while in the program, so you've gotten significantly worse imo). If you're not honest, they can't help you. If they kick you out for being honest and asking for more help, I wouldn't want to be a part of a program like that anyway."
3899,"There's just so many factors/variables/complications that come with the needle.  Also be honest with your prescribing doctor. Obviously the program you're on now isn't working (you graduated to the needle while in the program, so you've gotten significantly worse imo). If you're not honest, they can't help you. If they kick you out for being honest and asking for more help, I wouldn't want to be a part of a program like that anyway.",You’re so right. I just don’t know what can help me at this point :( I don’t wanna get back on methadone because I travel a lot and it’s too expensive for me at $80 a week. Not sure what to do but try and stick to the injections and really actually try.
3900,You’re so right. I just don’t know what can help me at this point :( I don’t wanna get back on methadone because I travel a lot and it’s too expensive for me at $80 a week. Not sure what to do but try and stick to the injections and really actually try.,You're in 313? Pm might be able to tell you how to get mdone paid for.
3901,You're in 313? Pm might be able to tell you how to get mdone paid for.,Right on. Doing so rn.
3902,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,"Drink a lot of water before if you can. Use a tourniquet to help and use your index finger to physically feel around for veins. Practice this. The creases are the easiest imo but if you’re a man you guys usually have big hand veins. Just press lightly, roll you finger around and you’ll usually find that squishy bulge. And go in at a 45 degree angle. Make sure to use new needles, it’s difficult to hit a vein with a used needle plus it’s bad news (hep c can happen from your own blood and scarring yada yada) Never go to deep. Shooting in an artery can kill you. If it’s light pink, take the needle out, that’s probably an artery."
3903,"Drink a lot of water before if you can. Use a tourniquet to help and use your index finger to physically feel around for veins. Practice this. The creases are the easiest imo but if you’re a man you guys usually have big hand veins. Just press lightly, roll you finger around and you’ll usually find that squishy bulge. And go in at a 45 degree angle. Make sure to use new needles, it’s difficult to hit a vein with a used needle plus it’s bad news (hep c can happen from your own blood and scarring yada yada) Never go to deep. Shooting in an artery can kill you. If it’s light pink, take the needle out, that’s probably an artery.",I always use new rigs every time. But thanks this is great advice! If you blow a vein out does it come back eventually? I scarred the easiest one people refer too (crook of the elbow) and can’t even really see it anymore
3904,I always use new rigs every time. But thanks this is great advice! If you blow a vein out does it come back eventually? I scarred the easiest one people refer too (crook of the elbow) and can’t even really see it anymore,"It depends if it’s too scarred, your body will make a new vein diverting it. If it can be healed your body will keep using it. I have two main veins I always used. They are still scarred but they still function. When I get blood I tell them to hit that vein because even though the vein is tough to puncture, it’s still the easiest and gives a lot of blood. Had some guy not believe me and poked me four times in four different places before he did what I said."
3905,"Drink a lot of water before if you can. Use a tourniquet to help and use your index finger to physically feel around for veins. Practice this. The creases are the easiest imo but if you’re a man you guys usually have big hand veins. Just press lightly, roll you finger around and you’ll usually find that squishy bulge. And go in at a 45 degree angle. Make sure to use new needles, it’s difficult to hit a vein with a used needle plus it’s bad news (hep c can happen from your own blood and scarring yada yada) Never go to deep. Shooting in an artery can kill you. If it’s light pink, take the needle out, that’s probably an artery.",By the way... fuck... I didn’t know you can give yourself hep c with your own blood. I use a new rig every time I shoot but like I said sometimes I have to poke myself a few times with the same needle... there’s been a few times I’ve left traces of blood in the syringe. Now I’m worried.
3906,By the way... fuck... I didn’t know you can give yourself hep c with your own blood. I use a new rig every time I shoot but like I said sometimes I have to poke myself a few times with the same needle... there’s been a few times I’ve left traces of blood in the syringe. Now I’m worried.,"Don’t be too worried. It’s like if you poked yourself and then left that needle hanging around for a couple weeks and then poked yourself again with it. (Like I did many times when shooting. Glad I didn’t get hep c). Sounds like your doing the right things. I did too until I got careless towards the end of my shooting days so stay diligent.

Also could be helpful to look up veins on google."
3907,"Don’t be too worried. It’s like if you poked yourself and then left that needle hanging around for a couple weeks and then poked yourself again with it. (Like I did many times when shooting. Glad I didn’t get hep c). Sounds like your doing the right things. I did too until I got careless towards the end of my shooting days so stay diligent.

Also could be helpful to look up veins on google.","Thank you again! I just don’t know what I’m doing wrong still. I see the needle go right into the vein, pull back on the plunger... no blood unless I poke around. Which is terrible for my body obviously....

EDIT:
Oh yeah and then I’ll see blood rush in, get excited, shoot it... and instantly feel the burn of missing. Maybe because of the excitement I pop it out of place?"
3908,"Thank you again! I just don’t know what I’m doing wrong still. I see the needle go right into the vein, pull back on the plunger... no blood unless I poke around. Which is terrible for my body obviously....

EDIT:
Oh yeah and then I’ll see blood rush in, get excited, shoot it... and instantly feel the burn of missing. Maybe because of the excitement I pop it out of place?","Make sure to push the plunger in slow. Sometimes the pressure of pushing fast will pop the needle out of the vein. Also it can blow you vein out too which is no good. Just takes practice.  There were days where I’d cook up a shot and get it in the first hit. Then there were days where it could take up to ten times. But if you try for hours at a time, best to maybe plug lol"
3909,Tips on registering? I have veins people that use are envious of and still have to continuously poke myself... but when someone does it for me they have no issues. I can’t seem to get it.,"Make sure you’re going in at the right angle, just about parallel with the vein"
3910,How soon can I take a sub?,wait until you cannot take the discomfort for another nanosecond ...not sure what drinking a lot of water would do.
3911,How soon can I take a sub?,People ask this question a lot and there really is no exact answer because everyone is different. There is so many variables like how long you've been using and how much you've been using as well as what opiates you've been using. The best advice would be to wait until you're in moderate withdrawals to take any kind of bupe product. Usually if I had waited 24 hours after my last use of heroin I was in the clear to take subs. But the one time I transitioned from hydrocodone to bupe I only had to wait 12 hours. Really the longer you wait the better.
3912,How soon can I take a sub?,Suboxone has answers to this on their website. Like a whole ass chart lmao. I believe heroin is 12-24 hrs on that chart
3913,How soon can I take a sub?,Try and get to 24 hours
3914,Anyone use UKMeds to buy codeine in the UK?,Just to clarify.... are you cwe’ing cocodamol or buying neat codeine? Either way it’s a slippery slope dude. Be careful
3915,Just to clarify.... are you cwe’ing cocodamol or buying neat codeine? Either way it’s a slippery slope dude. Be careful,"Neat codeine, usually about 180mg once a week. I'm pretty cautious, know how risky this can be"
3916,Anyone use UKMeds to buy codeine in the UK?,Didn’t I read a post the other day about the UK and them no longer selling OTC? Or wrong place?
3917,Didn’t I read a post the other day about the UK and them no longer selling OTC? Or wrong place?,"They stopped making a codeine formulation in Canada (cant remember exactly which med).  They didn't actually make it illegal, they just stopped producing it. So whatever is in the stores is what's left"
3918,"They stopped making a codeine formulation in Canada (cant remember exactly which med).  They didn't actually make it illegal, they just stopped producing it. So whatever is in the stores is what's left",You’re right! That’s what I read. Thanks
3919,Anyone use UKMeds to buy codeine in the UK?,This was my gateway when my doc cut me off. Then I went into the dark web and never looked back.
3920,This was my gateway when my doc cut me off. Then I went into the dark web and never looked back.,It's actually more expensive to buy codeine from the darker than it is/was from UKMeds. And dhc to a lesser extent too.
3921,Anyone use UKMeds to buy codeine in the UK?,"All certified online pharmacies in the UK share a database of their customers who buy codeine etc. So they know how frequently you’re purchasing and restrict your orders accordingly.

Looking at your post history looks like you need rehab more than another box of DHC though."
3922,"All certified online pharmacies in the UK share a database of their customers who buy codeine etc. So they know how frequently you’re purchasing and restrict your orders accordingly.

Looking at your post history looks like you need rehab more than another box of DHC though.",Why the hell are you even here? It's pretty shitty of you to pass judgment on the OP especially in **this** sub of all places.
3923,Why the hell are you even here? It's pretty shitty of you to pass judgment on the OP especially in **this** sub of all places.,Triggered
3924,"All certified online pharmacies in the UK share a database of their customers who buy codeine etc. So they know how frequently you’re purchasing and restrict your orders accordingly.

Looking at your post history looks like you need rehab more than another box of DHC though.","You reckon? This is my account for drug questions, to make sure I know the details of them for safety. I only take a substance around once a week. Seems overkill to suggest rehab for that? Not being combative, just curious."
3925,What are some ways to help push toxins like meth and heroin out of your urine faster?,"Drink a lot of water (like at least a gallon a day) and cranberry juice, eat healthy, and sleep well are all you can really do other than buying synthetic urine if your urine tests are unsupervised."
3926,"Drink a lot of water (like at least a gallon a day) and cranberry juice, eat healthy, and sleep well are all you can really do other than buying synthetic urine if your urine tests are unsupervised.",Nope it's for my PO. I got all that to. I also got niacin pills water pills and vinegar idn if it will help I was told it would help cause it helps you pee?
3927,Nope it's for my PO. I got all that to. I also got niacin pills water pills and vinegar idn if it will help I was told it would help cause it helps you pee?,"Yeah, I hear it helps quite a bit. Just keep drinking water as much as possible."
3928,Nope it's for my PO. I got all that to. I also got niacin pills water pills and vinegar idn if it will help I was told it would help cause it helps you pee?,"None of that helps.

Just drink water right before the test that's it. Niacin can cause a painful reaction and will not help."
3929,How to make this knot go away on my arm?,"I know it seems like a given, but go to the doctor man...In one sentence you give the impression of ‘ehhh it’s just a bit tender no biggie’, but then say it’s really bad. 
If I were in  your shoes I’d  try to keep doing the compresses regardless, But a Doctor is definitely ideal when risk of infection etc is a factor.

Either way I hope you’re feeling better ASAP! Stay safe out there!"
3930,Am I missing or what?,"Could either be that the vein is collapsed, his happened to me and I ended up getting blood when I drew but then the high wouldn’t be nearly as much of a rush as I got originally, but I also noticed that the higher my tolerance got the less of a rush I ended up getting.

I’d end up sitting and waiting like, here comes the big rush, and then nothing. I’d still get high and nod, but no crazy rush like I had before."
3931,"Could either be that the vein is collapsed, his happened to me and I ended up getting blood when I drew but then the high wouldn’t be nearly as much of a rush as I got originally, but I also noticed that the higher my tolerance got the less of a rush I ended up getting.

I’d end up sitting and waiting like, here comes the big rush, and then nothing. I’d still get high and nod, but no crazy rush like I had before.","I feel like I have a problem with every vein when it  comes to coke. Regardless of if it’s been used a bunch or not. I was thinking it may be my tolerance but my bf does the same amount and he feels it every time so its confusing but I know everyone’s body processes things at different rates. Idk cause the last few times with dope, I’ve had issues tool, I hit a favorite spot pulled blood and it looked great but wound up missing probably the majority of it! Didn’t even feel like it was gonna do that! Really in search of a new ol’ reliable."
3932,Am I missing or what?,"Make sure your gauge is thick enough,  that's the thing about coke and meth. They kinda-like make the tissue numb where as B.T.heroin burns due to acidity present. Dangerous stuff though man, my buddy's buddy just got his leg amputated from a missed meth shot. God bless"
3933,"Make sure your gauge is thick enough,  that's the thing about coke and meth. They kinda-like make the tissue numb where as B.T.heroin burns due to acidity present. Dangerous stuff though man, my buddy's buddy just got his leg amputated from a missed meth shot. God bless",I use 28g 50cc or 29g 100cc insulin syringes
3934,Am I missing or what?,"I think it’s hit and miss sometimes how good the rush is and if youl even get one 🤷‍♂️ sometimes I sit and wait and nothing comes, sometimes it catches me off guard (like this morning) and I was high as fuck and rushing for too fucking long!!!"
3935,"I think it’s hit and miss sometimes how good the rush is and if youl even get one 🤷‍♂️ sometimes I sit and wait and nothing comes, sometimes it catches me off guard (like this morning) and I was high as fuck and rushing for too fucking long!!!",I always always feel the one in the morning the most and it almost always puts me almost on my ass if I’m not easy on what I make up lol
3936,Am I missing or what?,Could always hit in your neck!
3937,Has anyone been able to take opiates ONLY on the weekends?,Yeh for about a year. Then the obvious happened 😂 my weekends suddenly grew extra days 😂😂
3938,Yeh for about a year. Then the obvious happened 😂 my weekends suddenly grew extra days 😂😂,"I started using them 5 months ago and that's how it was for me... I did them Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. I did that for about 2 months and then it started turning into everyday. I caught myself and I've gone through withdrawls 3 times in the past month and a half. I only want to do them on Friday and Saturday. How bad were withdrawls for you with only doing them on the weekends for the year that you did?"
3939,"I started using them 5 months ago and that's how it was for me... I did them Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. I did that for about 2 months and then it started turning into everyday. I caught myself and I've gone through withdrawls 3 times in the past month and a half. I only want to do them on Friday and Saturday. How bad were withdrawls for you with only doing them on the weekends for the year that you did?","I never got withdrawals in that year, nothing noticeable anyways. That all went to shit though and I’m on a bupe program now. But I’m having a weekend off shooting speedballs"
3940,Has anyone been able to take opiates ONLY on the weekends?,Watch out for Landmine Wednesdays.!
3941,How long until heroin/ fent withdrawal starts. In number of days?,For me mild H withdrawal starts after even 2 days on continuous use.  If I buy a gr kill it I'm 2-3 days and then stop its mild but real shitty withdrawals. A month daily and it starts to get hellish
3942,How long until heroin/ fent withdrawal starts. In number of days?,[deleted]
3943,[deleted],Like how many day of continuous use will I start to withdraw
3944,Like how many day of continuous use will I start to withdraw,"For me, three days."
3945,How long until heroin/ fent withdrawal starts. In number of days?,2-3 days of continuous use will cause withdrawal if you been dependent before.
3946,How long until heroin/ fent withdrawal starts. In number of days?,"I’m confused 🤷‍♂️ withdrawals would probably start within 24hours. They will last probably around 1-2 weeks. as for the od question I can’t answer that and you shouldn’t just listen to a stranger on here, you should know how much you need not to go over 😉"
3947,When would I start subs?,"Wait till you can’t hardly take your W/d symptoms.

Wait till your in full W/do’s: runny nose/eyes, shitting your brains out, that deep deep depression that turns every thing hopeless and gray etc...

Then take a strip and hold it under your tongue.

The relief should start about 30-45 mins after you dose the bupe. 

If you dose sub too soon you can go through precipitated W/d’s as the bupe strips off the opioids left in your brain. 

Waiting till your in noticeable w/d is how the clinical literature says is best.

24 hours isn’t a set in stone kinda guideline. Everyone is different so I would just go with how your feeling."
3948,When would I start subs?,why bother do some kratom or score some fent
3949,why bother do some kratom or score some fent,"I'm just trying to stop entirely.  Im a senior in college, set to graduate soon.  Ive successfully managed my usage the last year but it's time to stop before I truly get addicted addicted.  I don't plan on using the subs forever, but moreso as an easier way to get off the H.  Like If I just used subs, tapering down from the start, I assume I could get off the H and only need the subs for 2 weeks-1 month.

&#x200B;

I wouldnt have a problem stopping if it weren't for the withdrawals, which subs can deter."
3950,When would I start subs?,If its fent wait at least 36 hours minimum and wait till you feel like you are fucked like pour sweat and pissing out your ass..  I go into precipitated even after 36..  sometimes I know it's gonna happen but just want to get the ball rolling.. sucks
3951,When would I start subs?,Start the subs once you feel sick. If you take them to early it will send you in to pwds which is absolutely miserable and 100 times worse then waiting the 24 hours an being in the beginning stages of withdrawal.
3952,Can i take oxycodone before my drug test?,"What’s the test for? If it’s going to get you cut off from getting scripts or any kind of care from ur doc, why risk it? It takes like 3 days to get out of your system if you’re not a daily user, meaning you only need to not use for those 3/4 days leading up to your test out of a month. Just stay clean for those days"
3953,"What’s the test for? If it’s going to get you cut off from getting scripts or any kind of care from ur doc, why risk it? It takes like 3 days to get out of your system if you’re not a daily user, meaning you only need to not use for those 3/4 days leading up to your test out of a month. Just stay clean for those days","its for probation but im out of state so i go to my normal doctors for it. just ask the nurse for a 9 panel urinalysis and she gives me a cup and sends me to the bathroom. I could very easily use fake piss sice im alone in the bathroom but would rather use my own

I also schedule the appointment pretty much whenever i want, last month it was on he 5th since i wanted a little more clean time.  the time before that it was on the 1st."
3954,"its for probation but im out of state so i go to my normal doctors for it. just ask the nurse for a 9 panel urinalysis and she gives me a cup and sends me to the bathroom. I could very easily use fake piss sice im alone in the bathroom but would rather use my own

I also schedule the appointment pretty much whenever i want, last month it was on he 5th since i wanted a little more clean time.  the time before that it was on the 1st.","bro u have it made, I didn't even know it was possible to have this kinda setup worked out, most people would kill to be able to schedule their own probation UA and to not be observed when they took it lol"
3955,"bro u have it made, I didn't even know it was possible to have this kinda setup worked out, most people would kill to be able to schedule their own probation UA and to not be observed when they took it lol",guess what else. i got my med card so my PO doesn't care if i piss dirty for weed
3956,guess what else. i got my med card so my PO doesn't care if i piss dirty for weed,Lmao what??? That's literally unheard of hahaha wow enjoy it man
3957,Can i take oxycodone before my drug test?,"According to this, you should be able to."
3958,"According to this, you should be able to.",and here i was thinking getting forced to regular drug testing would help me turn my life around
3959,Can i take oxycodone before my drug test?,I dont know any drug tests that dont detect for oxycodone. It comes up as opiates
3960,Snorting Suboxone?,If you have a tolerance to hydromorphone all a sub will prob do is take away cravings. Will only get a opiate naive person high
3961,Snorting Suboxone?,"Yea you can snort the pill form of subs, but if it’s the Orange suboxone, not the white ones, they taste like shitt. And if you cop any real opis in the following days they won’t do shit while you still have subs in ur system"
3962,Snorting Suboxone?,"Subs won't get you ""high"" like full agonist will. In fact, its pretty weak and lame. You have to have zero opiate tolerance and even then, all you will feel is a slight glow.. perhaps tired and nauseous with a nasty fucking headache ta boot."
3963,Snorting Suboxone?,If u don’t have a tolerance You em will get tucked up
3964,Snorting Suboxone?,"I used to snort subutex and I enjoyed it a lot. 

At the time I just wanted to snort something and it was what I had. I don’t do that anymore but it did get me high when I wasn’t using them everyday like I am now.
I think everyone is different and the high is gonna be different. at first it made me feel really happy. 

Then it just gave me energy and now it keeps me normal"
3965,Just got one of the transdermal fent patches. One without gel sadly. What is the best way to use this and can I extract the fent from it some how and dry to powder?,"If you have access to a chemistry lab and TEK to do it, sure."
3966,"If you have access to a chemistry lab and TEK to do it, sure.",Any at home ways. Ethanol extraction maybe? No Chem lab sadly
3967,Any at home ways. Ethanol extraction maybe? No Chem lab sadly,Not that I'm aware of
3968,Just got one of the transdermal fent patches. One without gel sadly. What is the best way to use this and can I extract the fent from it some how and dry to powder?,You can do it with 91% iso alcohol or vinegar. Search fentanylnpatch extraction on the old blue light forum for step by step instructions
3969,Just got one of the transdermal fent patches. One without gel sadly. What is the best way to use this and can I extract the fent from it some how and dry to powder?,Chew it.
3970,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?",Try kratom it’s pretty benign. I’ve always wanted to try the fresh leaves
3971,Try kratom it’s pretty benign. I’ve always wanted to try the fresh leaves,"I do think I will try low doses of kratom. I tried pot recently for the first time in a decade, since they say it works against chronic pain. I got a shitload of side effects. I think pot is pretty potent actually and most people smoke way too much. With kratom, I sort of feel the same. I think there is something to it, as a pain med, mood stabilizer, mild stimulant, but probably should go very low on dose to begin with."
3972,"I do think I will try low doses of kratom. I tried pot recently for the first time in a decade, since they say it works against chronic pain. I got a shitload of side effects. I think pot is pretty potent actually and most people smoke way too much. With kratom, I sort of feel the same. I think there is something to it, as a pain med, mood stabilizer, mild stimulant, but probably should go very low on dose to begin with.","Try a red strainer kratom, they tend to be less stimulating. Ir even a gold strain, just stay away from greens and whites if you're not looking for stimulation."
3973,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?",It sounds like you're already addicted
3974,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","Since you are already addicted to an opiate, you didnt mention which of many, you already put a foot into the addiction zone. Once there the drugs become interchangeable. For example imagine if you couldnt get any more of your legal and justified (backpain) painkiller. You would experience WD syndrome and go straight to seek an opiate to avoid the sickness. 
So yeah you are at risk, the risk of your first approach with this painkillers which “you like the high of” being the gateway to stronger things like morphine, opium, or perhaps heroin. 
I tell you this because the people who are not at any risk, they like the pain relief part of the opiate pills but they hate “the high”. If you like the high, it says something doesnt it."
3975,"Since you are already addicted to an opiate, you didnt mention which of many, you already put a foot into the addiction zone. Once there the drugs become interchangeable. For example imagine if you couldnt get any more of your legal and justified (backpain) painkiller. You would experience WD syndrome and go straight to seek an opiate to avoid the sickness. 
So yeah you are at risk, the risk of your first approach with this painkillers which “you like the high of” being the gateway to stronger things like morphine, opium, or perhaps heroin. 
I tell you this because the people who are not at any risk, they like the pain relief part of the opiate pills but they hate “the high”. If you like the high, it says something doesnt it.",">I tell you this because the people who are not at any risk, they like the pain relief part of the opiate pills but they hate “the high”. If you like the high, it says something doesnt it.

I also like the pain killing effect of course, without it I would be on permanent disability pension, but I'm not going to ignore that it also improves my mood. I take Buprenorphine, which is apparantly being considered for use for depression.I sort of feel like this is the same as saying that people who drink are addicts cause they like being drunk.I definitely listen to your advice here. I was just wondering if addictiveness is also primarily a socio-psychological thing. People medicating their emotional traume or mental illness."
3976,">I tell you this because the people who are not at any risk, they like the pain relief part of the opiate pills but they hate “the high”. If you like the high, it says something doesnt it.

I also like the pain killing effect of course, without it I would be on permanent disability pension, but I'm not going to ignore that it also improves my mood. I take Buprenorphine, which is apparantly being considered for use for depression.I sort of feel like this is the same as saying that people who drink are addicts cause they like being drunk.I definitely listen to your advice here. I was just wondering if addictiveness is also primarily a socio-psychological thing. People medicating their emotional traume or mental illness.","I give you one example a friend of mine started taking tramadol after some teeth removal things. And he found out that that opiate “cured” his depression/anxiety problem, it didnt take it away but it helped, and yes he found out that tramadol is being tested for OFF-LABEL uses such as premature ejaculation (because it retards it) and depression (because it not only numbs the pain but lifts the mood) and many other conditions."
3977,"Since you are already addicted to an opiate, you didnt mention which of many, you already put a foot into the addiction zone. Once there the drugs become interchangeable. For example imagine if you couldnt get any more of your legal and justified (backpain) painkiller. You would experience WD syndrome and go straight to seek an opiate to avoid the sickness. 
So yeah you are at risk, the risk of your first approach with this painkillers which “you like the high of” being the gateway to stronger things like morphine, opium, or perhaps heroin. 
I tell you this because the people who are not at any risk, they like the pain relief part of the opiate pills but they hate “the high”. If you like the high, it says something doesnt it.",Physical dependence and addiction are 2 completely different things there hun. Anyone who takes a drug (ANY DRUG) for more than a few days or weeks will experience physical dependence and some form of withdrawal. It happens at a physiological level. That doesn’t mean that person is a drug addict. It’s like when people get a headache from not drinking caffeine. Doesn’t mean they are a drug addict. That’s still withdrawal though but I doubt that anyone is selling their grandma’s pearls for a cup of coffee.
3978,Physical dependence and addiction are 2 completely different things there hun. Anyone who takes a drug (ANY DRUG) for more than a few days or weeks will experience physical dependence and some form of withdrawal. It happens at a physiological level. That doesn’t mean that person is a drug addict. It’s like when people get a headache from not drinking caffeine. Doesn’t mean they are a drug addict. That’s still withdrawal though but I doubt that anyone is selling their grandma’s pearls for a cup of coffee.,"Take away Bupe from this man clinical case and addiction as you intend it (which is the correct definition, well written) will show.
Or else. Put him on Fans that do the job maybe 3x better than bupe so he will have no pain, but addiction will show cause he will start with “yeah but the other medication made me happy this only acts on my pain”

I accept your opinion but I think we both can’t be sure if this man is an opiates addict. The test would be for him as I said to switch to non opiates painkillers and would require a looooot of time if we count the taking him off bupe after his usage story.

My opinion (that i made up from what he said) is that he is indeed an addict. Early stage. The stage in which you discover how much it hurts staying without your meds and how much WD pains hurt. But he has a regular supply so no way to test that too. 
But it’s only my opinion."
3979,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","Just stick to your pain medication--what is it, btw?"
3980,"Just stick to your pain medication--what is it, btw?",Buprenorphine
3981,Buprenorphine,"Thanks for responding.

It's just that Morphine is too addictive to deal with. Oxycodone is even worse in my opinion.

It's too easy to get hooked--and then you're trapped...

Btw: What doctor uses Bupe as a ""mild opioid""?!? They say it's difficult to stop taking Bupe: you might end up switching to Morphine, after all, if you ever want to stop taking Bupe..."
3982,"Thanks for responding.

It's just that Morphine is too addictive to deal with. Oxycodone is even worse in my opinion.

It's too easy to get hooked--and then you're trapped...

Btw: What doctor uses Bupe as a ""mild opioid""?!? They say it's difficult to stop taking Bupe: you might end up switching to Morphine, after all, if you ever want to stop taking Bupe...","I got prescribed ""Bupe"" at a pain clinic. It was on my own initiative, since the alternative  was Gabapentine and some kind of anti-depressant. I preferred a more time tested drug, instead of the mile long side effect list of Gaba. I asked for morphine. They originally had me on a patch, but I had a bit of a reaction to it, got dizzy etc, so I was allowed to get sublingal tablets instead. I take 2-3 tablets a week, 2mg, only one pr. time.

I was also on Tramadol and consider the effects very similar. In fact, I think I had stronger euphoria on Tramadol 100mg, which also made me lethargic. I don't get lethargic at all on Bupe. I get social and want to do stuff. I often go for bike rides and such. The only side effect I get is water/urinary retention and mild constipation. I also have to be careful not to overdo physical exercise, since its basically doping, so I feel it the next day if I do too much.

Honestly, without Bupe, I would no doubt be on permanent disability and my quality of life would be significantly worse. With Bupe I can make and keep appointments, where as before I would have so many horrible days, barely getting out of bed. With Bupe I can count on always being able to keep an appointment if I have to."
3983,"I got prescribed ""Bupe"" at a pain clinic. It was on my own initiative, since the alternative  was Gabapentine and some kind of anti-depressant. I preferred a more time tested drug, instead of the mile long side effect list of Gaba. I asked for morphine. They originally had me on a patch, but I had a bit of a reaction to it, got dizzy etc, so I was allowed to get sublingal tablets instead. I take 2-3 tablets a week, 2mg, only one pr. time.

I was also on Tramadol and consider the effects very similar. In fact, I think I had stronger euphoria on Tramadol 100mg, which also made me lethargic. I don't get lethargic at all on Bupe. I get social and want to do stuff. I often go for bike rides and such. The only side effect I get is water/urinary retention and mild constipation. I also have to be careful not to overdo physical exercise, since its basically doping, so I feel it the next day if I do too much.

Honestly, without Bupe, I would no doubt be on permanent disability and my quality of life would be significantly worse. With Bupe I can make and keep appointments, where as before I would have so many horrible days, barely getting out of bed. With Bupe I can count on always being able to keep an appointment if I have to.","I'm glad that you've found relief from your pain--my only concern would be if there comes a day when it's time to stop taking it.

But it seems that where you live, people are not denied proper pain management, so you should be fine.

I was on a Morphine pill for awhile: I was a bit nauseous the first week, but then it subsided. I found Morphine to be too sedating--especially after years of Oxycodone (which I don't recommend, even though I like the effects, because they don't last long enough after awhile, and the w/d's are vicious). But Oxycodone instant release (not Oxycontin, afaik) does provide energy and euphoria--just not long enough.

Edited"
3984,"I'm glad that you've found relief from your pain--my only concern would be if there comes a day when it's time to stop taking it.

But it seems that where you live, people are not denied proper pain management, so you should be fine.

I was on a Morphine pill for awhile: I was a bit nauseous the first week, but then it subsided. I found Morphine to be too sedating--especially after years of Oxycodone (which I don't recommend, even though I like the effects, because they don't last long enough after awhile, and the w/d's are vicious). But Oxycodone instant release (not Oxycontin, afaik) does provide energy and euphoria--just not long enough.

Edited","I see. 

Do you have personal experience with Bupe?

Buprenorphine is not common here at all (Denmark). They used to use Tramadol, then there were a lot of people bitching about withdrawals. I also had withdrawals for 2-3 days on Tramadol, but it was not that bad, though significantly worse imo than Bupe.

I do a sort of 3 days on 3 days off with Bupe. I've never taken it more than 3 days in a row. The only way it has increased in dose is that I used to do 1 day on 1 day off, with no consecutive days.

I don't think I would have a problem at all with withdrawal honestly, only psychologically."
3985,"I see. 

Do you have personal experience with Bupe?

Buprenorphine is not common here at all (Denmark). They used to use Tramadol, then there were a lot of people bitching about withdrawals. I also had withdrawals for 2-3 days on Tramadol, but it was not that bad, though significantly worse imo than Bupe.

I do a sort of 3 days on 3 days off with Bupe. I've never taken it more than 3 days in a row. The only way it has increased in dose is that I used to do 1 day on 1 day off, with no consecutive days.

I don't think I would have a problem at all with withdrawal honestly, only psychologically.","Bupe can make you feel great if you don't have a prior addiction to a full agonist opioid, and it defenitly can help with pain. It is commonly given in veterinary settings as well. Just be careful that you don't let yourself creep into daily use, or using it purely for the mood-lifting high, rather than pain relief. The withdrawal from daily and/or high dose buprenorphine is hellish and protracted."
3986,"I see. 

Do you have personal experience with Bupe?

Buprenorphine is not common here at all (Denmark). They used to use Tramadol, then there were a lot of people bitching about withdrawals. I also had withdrawals for 2-3 days on Tramadol, but it was not that bad, though significantly worse imo than Bupe.

I do a sort of 3 days on 3 days off with Bupe. I've never taken it more than 3 days in a row. The only way it has increased in dose is that I used to do 1 day on 1 day off, with no consecutive days.

I don't think I would have a problem at all with withdrawal honestly, only psychologically.","If anything it would be the other way around. I hate to be the bearer of bad news but if on average you're taking 2mg of Bupe every other day or so for a year and a half, you would go through opiate withdrawal without a taper. The beautiful thing about your situation is because you get it for pain they don't pee test you, so if you start using full agonists and start to slip you can go right back to your current way of living with very minimal suffering."
3987,"Thanks for responding.

It's just that Morphine is too addictive to deal with. Oxycodone is even worse in my opinion.

It's too easy to get hooked--and then you're trapped...

Btw: What doctor uses Bupe as a ""mild opioid""?!? They say it's difficult to stop taking Bupe: you might end up switching to Morphine, after all, if you ever want to stop taking Bupe...","Some docs use it in lower doses than they would prescribe for opioid addiction, for pain instead. I only know because of the little posters they have on their doors from the pharmaceutical companies and it mentions nothing about addiction just chronic pain."
3988,Buprenorphine,"You arent going to be able to use other opiates and take Bupe, Bupe is going to block the effects of the other opiates, that's what its supposed to do"
3989,"You arent going to be able to use other opiates and take Bupe, Bupe is going to block the effects of the other opiates, that's what its supposed to do",I completely forgot about this--great point.
3990,I completely forgot about this--great point.,;)
3991,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","> I'm going to Asia in the winter. I'm considering looking for kratom and opium.

Be careful. I've read that many Asian countries have ruthless drug laws. Some even has death penalty for trafficking. Check what you're allowed to take."
3992,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","Your gonna want a couple days off the bupe to be able to feel any other opiates really brother. 

Personally kratom does fuck all for me, and I doubt you’d feel it at all if your on bupe, it’s a lot weaker 🤷‍♂️

Morphine is the fucking bomb dude 😝That’s another level though. And do you really want to mess with your bupe dosing??"
3993,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","I tell you facts. For a fact that medication should work on your CNS as a painkiller and not as an “antidepressant” “moodlifter”. If you like these effects, the euphoric ones, which are called side effects (together with reduced bowel movements, constipation) it means you had an emptyness in you that got filled. People who only enjoy the painkilling side are already 100% at ease with themselves THEY DONT LIKE being mood lifted they say “this is not me” . But instead you found out “you know what, i like being in this mood”. Which for you is a win win situation cause you are legally required to a pain management program and wont have problems like normal drug addicts.
I dont wanna label you but to me, you always had hidden in you a taste for opium. You never discovered but as soon as (by coincidences) you got to try buprenorphine you discovered that you love opiates medication."
3994,"I tell you facts. For a fact that medication should work on your CNS as a painkiller and not as an “antidepressant” “moodlifter”. If you like these effects, the euphoric ones, which are called side effects (together with reduced bowel movements, constipation) it means you had an emptyness in you that got filled. People who only enjoy the painkilling side are already 100% at ease with themselves THEY DONT LIKE being mood lifted they say “this is not me” . But instead you found out “you know what, i like being in this mood”. Which for you is a win win situation cause you are legally required to a pain management program and wont have problems like normal drug addicts.
I dont wanna label you but to me, you always had hidden in you a taste for opium. You never discovered but as soon as (by coincidences) you got to try buprenorphine you discovered that you love opiates medication.","It's quite possible.

I think I could be diagnosed with a few things, such as chronic PTSD.

I feel like the drug allows me to be myself and not be burdened by all these worries."
3995,"It's quite possible.

I think I could be diagnosed with a few things, such as chronic PTSD.

I feel like the drug allows me to be myself and not be burdened by all these worries.","Then my friend welcome to the club. Do not feel judged but the feel i get from this is... you always lacked something, you always had 90% of it all right but 10% was always off, you were ALWAYS an addict. You just discovered it when you got the chance. You wouldnt be the first.

Chexk this 2 minutes video and tell me if you can relate to him. https://youtu.be/SHCydMM0Fw4"
3996,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","Kratom can be a alternative if you can handle it (shorter less intense withdrawal, pain effect I'm not sure about). You would most likely have to withdraw from the Bupe and use Kratom to transition but after that you'd probably be able to reap most of the same benefits with a lesser withdrawal syndrome/dependancy issue. It does have withdrawals of its own, slightly longer than traditional opiates but shorter and less intense than sub.

I would stay away from morphine and opium. You're entering a whole other league if you get a good high off of one of them and even if you have good self control as you claim that hasn't stopped smart/well rounded folks before you from losing that control and wanting more after they find out how great it can feel. Those are like once in a blue moon treats *if* you can handle it not something to use on a weekly or monthly basis."
3997,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?","For the record, I've tried every NSAID under the sun and they do not work despite massive doses. ONLY opioids take the pain away for real."
3998,"Explain to me why I shouldn't do opium, kratom or morphine?",Kratom. Is a God sent brother that's why I'm on this page I wanna try to spread wisdoms about the plant
3999,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,You are supposed to take less not more. You also need to have no to little opiate tolerance. In smaller doses more gets converted to norbupe a full agonist
4000,You are supposed to take less not more. You also need to have no to little opiate tolerance. In smaller doses more gets converted to norbupe a full agonist,"I’m sorry, I mean no offense by this and I’m certainly no scientist, but this seems wrong.  For example, no one is going to get smacked off 100ug of Bupe.

I do, however, know that their is a ceiling.  Is there some sort of throttling to go along with that ceiling that I’m not aware of?"
4001,"I’m sorry, I mean no offense by this and I’m certainly no scientist, but this seems wrong.  For example, no one is going to get smacked off 100ug of Bupe.

I do, however, know that their is a ceiling.  Is there some sort of throttling to go along with that ceiling that I’m not aware of?",Did I say to dose 100 ug of bupe? People get high off .5mg-1.5mg of bupe. You also need a low tolerance. This is common knowledge.
4002,Did I say to dose 100 ug of bupe? People get high off .5mg-1.5mg of bupe. You also need a low tolerance. This is common knowledge.,"I realize this, that was a drastic example for the sake of proving my point.  My real question is, though, if less is more, what is the threshold?  Combined I did 16mgs of Bupe so what should I have done instead?"
4003,"I realize this, that was a drastic example for the sake of proving my point.  My real question is, though, if less is more, what is the threshold?  Combined I did 16mgs of Bupe so what should I have done instead?",You don’t have the tolerance for it. You have used heroin and fentalogues no amount of subs will get you high. For someone with no tolerance they dose 1-2mg and get high. That’s it. You will never be able to feel the “high” it gives.
4004,You don’t have the tolerance for it. You have used heroin and fentalogues no amount of subs will get you high. For someone with no tolerance they dose 1-2mg and get high. That’s it. You will never be able to feel the “high” it gives.,"I've used heroin for 7+ years and stillnow, after going through full acute wd's, I can get high on suboxone. It's true he probably did too much and it was counter-productive but to say that you can never get high on suboxone again isn't true, at least not for everybody. What worked for me was snorting like a quarter to a half of a 8mg sub tablet (not encouraging anyone to snort subs btw, they are hell on your nose as they don't crush up very finely). The high is like a warm, euphoric glow, I never caught a nod on it or anything too crazy."
4005,"I've used heroin for 7+ years and stillnow, after going through full acute wd's, I can get high on suboxone. It's true he probably did too much and it was counter-productive but to say that you can never get high on suboxone again isn't true, at least not for everybody. What worked for me was snorting like a quarter to a half of a 8mg sub tablet (not encouraging anyone to snort subs btw, they are hell on your nose as they don't crush up very finely). The high is like a warm, euphoric glow, I never caught a nod on it or anything too crazy.",When I was opiate naive subs would make me nod. The euphoria isn’t even close to traditional opiates. I was referring to that high specifically. Snorting subs increases the BA and gets you higher for sure. I thought OP was referring to a full high my apologies I worded it poorly. I didn’t mean you won’t get any effects just won’t be catching nods or anything close to a traditional high. Again my bad on the wording.
4006,When I was opiate naive subs would make me nod. The euphoria isn’t even close to traditional opiates. I was referring to that high specifically. Snorting subs increases the BA and gets you higher for sure. I thought OP was referring to a full high my apologies I worded it poorly. I didn’t mean you won’t get any effects just won’t be catching nods or anything close to a traditional high. Again my bad on the wording.,"You're fine, man, I would still consider it getting high, just not as high as stronger opiates."
4007,"You're fine, man, I would still consider it getting high, just not as high as stronger opiates.",Yes you are definitely right on that
4008,You don’t have the tolerance for it. You have used heroin and fentalogues no amount of subs will get you high. For someone with no tolerance they dose 1-2mg and get high. That’s it. You will never be able to feel the “high” it gives.,Well shit...but well that’s good to know.  Thanks for the heads up!
4009,"I’m sorry, I mean no offense by this and I’m certainly no scientist, but this seems wrong.  For example, no one is going to get smacked off 100ug of Bupe.

I do, however, know that their is a ceiling.  Is there some sort of throttling to go along with that ceiling that I’m not aware of?",This is so true. When I was deep in my stim addiction and couldn't get anything at all not even opiates I would come across subs and would get wacked outta my mind on a quarter of a sub. I had no tolerance at the time and everyone would laugh because of how fucked up I got and actually stayed.
4010,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,As others have stated in this thread only if you have low tolerance. After months of not doing opiates (IV Fent/dope DOC) 1/4 of an 8mg sub snorted would get me ridiculously high nonstop throwing up and it would last stupid long (24hrs sometimes) but you develop a tolerance super fast and after like two weeks I wasn’t really getting high off them (wasn’t doing them everyday either) and just went back to dope
4011,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,I’ve done quite a bit of fent (pressed pills) & a little heroin & never ever felt high on Subs. I have a homie who’s done heroin & fent & he claims he feels high on suboxone sometimes but idk. I never thought it was possible w/ the naloxone
4012,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,You only get high on Suboxone if you have no opioid tolerance.
4013,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,If I shoot it then yeh it does slightly. Nothing crazy though
4014,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,I used to. I used to a lot.
4015,Does anyone actually get high off Suboxone?,"Yeah absolutely. A month after I quit methadone totally after a couple months long taper and was totally clean, snorting 0.5 mg got me wrecked."
4016,opium suppositories?,"If you have to shit after boofing them make sure you find a clean toilet, I heard the ones in Scotland are trash"
4017,"If you have to shit after boofing them make sure you find a clean toilet, I heard the ones in Scotland are trash",Glad someone referenced this....
4018,opium suppositories?,boof it dog it works wonders
4019,Tylenol 3’s?,"Well, if your in pain, then yes. if not then no."
4020,Tylenol 3’s?,"Got the same thing when I broke my foot, didn’t do too much for pain just made it easy to sleep with the pain, but definitely try it if you’re hurting"
4021,Tylenol 3’s?,Might get a buzz definitely get a stomach ache
4022,Might get a buzz definitely get a stomach ache,"I'm prescribed them for nerve pain and I take 4 a day, if you don't CWE them then expect a stomach ache from taking anything over 2 at once lmfao"
